These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.
I love these boots. I have a wide foot and needed comfortable boots that I can wear all day without getting tired and still look classy.These boots were perfect and oh so comfortable. Everyone made a comment about how great they look.
well the price of this watch is 23 dollars, but it is better to add extra and buy better product
Runs very big.  I had to send them back.  I think I would have to order them at least one whole size or more smaller.
I really love this ring. It fits well, feels good, and looks great. I've had several compliments on it. It's a really nice ring (and it doesn't turn my finger green - LOL).
I ordered the Coach Antique and the Brown.  I got a lot of compliments regarding the color of these boots.  The color is beautiful.  The gold buckles set them off.  Unfortunately, after wearing the Coach Antique boots twice, the heel started to wobble and I was afraid that I would fall and break an ankle.  I am 5'7" and 154 pounds.  The heels are not that high nor narrow.  You have good support.  When I looked at my Brown boots, one of the heel's tip was missing.  These boots are made of very poor material.  If you have already ordered them, please send them back before it's too late to get a refund or give them to your worst enemy.
Ordered this dress despite the bad reviews and I'm glad I did. Nice light weight cotton blend. Sort of reminds me of a those sort of sheer t-shirts although not as sheer. Very simple design that's perfect for the very petit. No problems with stitching or seams (I sew so I'd know a problem if I saw it). It even got to me 16 days before its estimated arrival.
I really like these earrings. They are not to big, but big enough especially if you don't have really long hair. The diamonds are small, but what do you want for $24.99. They sort of look like silver, but then when you look close you can see the diamonds. I am happy with them, especially the size, they are about the size of a quarter, maybe a little bigger, but not much bigger .The size is what mattered to me, I didn't want really big hoops or really small ones, I think they are just a perfect size hoop.
These shoes do run small.  I ordered a size 1 for my daughter who wears a size 13.  The length is fine but the width is wide!  I ordered a medium width and I would say they are more like a wide.  They are even too wide after pulling the ties tight.
The Fit and quality are both great, It is a very sensual when worn. It may be become  my favorite thong
Bought 2 of these to wear with my platinum diamond engagement ring..Just after about a month or so, stones began falling out.  right now, there's only about half of the stones still intact.  No problems with the stainless steel aspect though.  The metal looks good next to the platinum, just wish it still had all the stones.  Very disappointed...
Love this briefcase.  I had a three gusset expandable brief I got from Wilson's Leather a few years ago, but the handle broke a while back, and since I didn't have time to shop for a new bag, for several months I was using both a computer backpack, and a freebie messenger bag I got at a trade show.  Tired of looking like a schlub, an having people asking me if I worked for [company name on the free bag], I decided I needed something a bit more professional looking.  Looked at a lot of different bags, some twice as expensive as this, and this seemed to have the right blend of looks, storage options and versatility.  Once I got it, I realized I wasn't wrong - it is very slick-looking, but not so fancy that I can't wear it in casual dress.  Zippers all work very smoothly, and the hardware is finished in a tasteful brushed silver.As for storage - the front pocket fits knickknacks like earbuds, several pens, cards, etc, with a padded cellphone pocket that fits an iPhone or a large-ish Android (Samsung Galaxy S II) perfectly.  A small zippered pocket inside the front pocket - if it were a little bigger to fit a passport, that would be awesome, but it's not a huge deal, as it's the perfect size for cleaning cloths for my cellphones and tablets.  The middle pocket has two padded pockets side by side, each taking up about half the width.  These are the perfect size for notebooks, or 7" tablets like my Nexus 7.  The remaining space is separated into two compartments by a stiff divider - I throw my iPad into one compartment, and things like a charger, headset, travel accessories, etc. into the other.  Finally, the laptop compartment fits my 14.1" Lenovo well, with a bit of extra room on the sides.  Don't expect to throw a charger or any bulky accessories in the lapotop compartment - while most other briefcases I've had have a bit of room for stuff like that in the laptop pocket, in this bag, those should go in the middle pocket.  You can put notebooks in here, but more than a Moleskine or a slim training manual would be a tight fit with anything but a slim ultrabook or Macbook Air.Overall, this seems a very good deal as long as you don't pack a lot of accessories - if you're a hardcore road warrior, and tend to pack bigger accessories like a dock, travel projector, or extra charger with you, it will be a tight fit, and you'll want a wheeled brief.  But for the average business traveler, this is an excellent choice, and very well laid out.  I'll try to put some pictures up when I can.
I really like the Dansko shoes. These are so pretty.  There was not even any brake in time. Took them out to the box and just wear them.
I Love these shoes!!! I know have six pairs in many colors.  Everyone who sees these shoes always ask what they are and where I can get them.  Amazon.com has a great sellection and a fantastic price.
this was a gift for my wife and she loves it. the sizes run realy small i would suggest getting a size bigger. well made shipped fast very happy.
I purchased this on-line shortly before a trip to the Caribbean. The size runs almost a little big, and I found them to be highly supportive. I have fallen arches and w/o a great arch support my toes cramp, and this shoe was super supportive--no cramping after a day of wear and lots of walking! The micro-fiber style to the trim makes for great comfort from the start. there was no &#34;breaking-in&#34; of this shoe for me. A good shoe at a good price!
This pretty little ring is adorable! I was looking for a replacement wedding ring. I wanted something simple and delicate looking. This definitely fit the bill! It's beautiful and fit perfectly. The price at 2.99 was amazing and now I see that it's only 1.99! Excellent product and I would definitely recommend it!
I love it whatever  event rather its dressed or casual this dress does it and you can feel comfortable & sexy the whole time.
This is a beautiful little charm supporting survivors and research of cervical/ovarian cancers.The seller delivers quickly, much more quickly than I expected.I'm happy with this purchase and will use this vendor for more charms in the future.
The setting is wonderful.  But the stone is just okay- the ring has to angled just right toward the light to see the green labradorite.  Otherwise you see just a gray stone most of the time.
These shoes are one of my all time favorite shoes...feminine yet business like...comfortable shoe and great heel height...dress it up dress it down...takes you to work and out for dinner...I'm looking for another pair or two to keep in my closet before I can't find them any more!!!  True to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!
This product worked great and did for my wife and I what I was hoping. The package contained a total of three batteries and a single battery lasted over 30 minutes. Very easy to secure in place and start up. Great vibrating action. Perfectly sized. Thank you vibrating tongue manufacturers and distributors :) !!! -KS. Youngstown Ohio.
I love combat boots and I love studs but all the boots that fit in that category look so cheap and everyone has them. Then I came across these and I fell in love. They fit as expected and go with any outfit. Super Satisfied.
I bought these, because I wanted some simple studs for my wedding day. They arrived before estimated time and they looked amazing, they really do sparkle a lot.
I used my etip gloves for two weeks.  The silver "swipe" tips on both gloves are totally frayed.  This glove is an excellent idea.  Unfortunately it's a total execution failure.  Not what I would have excpected from a North Face product. I used the gloves as inner liners during a two week snowboard trip.  At this point they are so frayed that they don't work anymore and I have to throw the gloves in the garbage.  Only buy these gloves if you're not going to do any sort of outdoor activities requiring touching anything other than your iphone!
I needed orthotic shoes ... but didn't like the look of most.  These are great shoes that work with orthotics ... and don't look a bit like orthotic shoes!!  Very comfortable and neat looking.
in all fairness.....i think that this descente hat wiil be just fine for my use - steetware - that is if it ever arrives .amazon needs to op-out of its prime program , because prime items never arrive within three days or less . why waste your money on this program - when amazon is unable to control this problem .
The product is too large. I buy a women product and when choose the size i select 9 1/2 in women size, but i recive the product was 9 1/2 in men's size so is enormous.
All characters at once!Only trouble is that I cannot attach these to anything else, like backpacks or other things.
These come in nice fashionable colors - purchased purple and pink (not sure what true description color is).  Like that it has slight padding, nice breathable material, comfortable fit.  Wear them for the gym -cardio and warm yoga where I sweat a lot and these do not stick and straps stay still.
excellent price and the transit time as well.the product was received just like is shown on the website.it was received on perfect conditions.I recommend to buy this.
I often carry a MacBook Air 11" back and forth to work, so I was looking for new bag that would be as small, light, comfortable and fit only the things I needed to fit (so I wouldn't be tempted to weigh myself down). After an exhaustive comparison with TimBuk2 and other bags at a few outdoor stores, I settled on this one six weeks ago and I have been thoroughly happy with it.A few pro tips:1) The bag does not have a cross-strap for stability when biking, so I attached a light-weight carabiner and purchased a $7.50 TimBuk2 cross-strap which works perfectly2) I suspect this bag will not work out well in the rain since there's no zipper or other closure across the main compartment.3) The stiching on one of the straps started to fray after one month. I contacted MountainSmith customer support, sent a photo of the problem, and they mailed me a replacement strap right away.  Good service.Lastly, I love the bright yellow lining. It makes it so easy to find things.P.
I've been purchasing New Balance sneakers for more than decade.  I chose New Balance because they have a better selection than others in the EEEE width.  I usually get them at a local sporting store.  They were out, so I tried on Amazon.  Amazon had better prices and a better selection.  I tried the MX608 this time, which is one I have not seen at my local store.  It fits and performs like other New Balances I have owned, with one major exception -- the bottom, back of the heel is attached poorly.  The bottom 1/4 of the heel has become unattached on my left shoe.  The bottom 1/8 of the heel has become unattached on the other.  I expect the left is worse than the right because it my clutch pedal foot.  The heel started to come ofter after only ~1 month and has continually grown worse during the 4 months since then.  This has never happened with any other New Balance shoe I have owned. I'd write it off as a rare anomaly if it was only on one shoe, but since it happened on both, I believe it is a design problem and will likely happen to others.
I am very happy with this shoe.  It fits well and looks good on my foot.  it can be worn with both casual and dressy clothing.  I have always been satisfied with Clarks Shoes.  This is the first time I have ordered shoes through the internet and was happy with the experience.
Some say I lacked conviction... others doubted the color of my blood, but when I go out to the Clubs and or other American drinking establishments let it be known henceforth... this gentleman breathes red white and blue drinks red white and blue and good god damn knows he loves America.
Very nice T-Shirts love the fact that they are heavy duty. Like Fruit of the Loom products, never had a problem with them.Karen
I always have problems finding flats that do not rub my heel. These are perfect. I also have them in gold. They are extremely comfortable and shipped to me so quickly.  Definitely a YES!
This is my 3rd pair of El Naturalista, so I love their shoes.  But this one is uncomfortable due to 1) the higher heels/arch that I am not used to (my problem?) and 2) the stiffer front so my toes HURT after just a couple of hours.
These are the best running shoe I've ever owned.  I had the previous versions which were good, but these are amazing.  I have a narrow foot so have some difficulty with fit but these fit perfect.  I even did the ultimate no no for runners and wore this brand new pair of shoes for my 5k this morning and ran a PR! Can't say enough good things about these shoes.  Will definitely be picking up another pair.Mizuno Women's Wave Inspire 9 Running Shoe
I just received these lovely boots today 12/12/11 and just ordered them a few days ago. I tried them on must say true to the size. I ordered size 8.5 and could have ordered them in a size 8. You can tell they are exspensive boots for a lower prize. Very comfortable and just love the way they fit. I will be ordering more from this company. Thank you for the affortable price boots like these..I just love these boots.Thank you so much.
This watch is great for the money, but is missing some features that I think make it suitable.  there's no light on it, which I knew, but thought it wouldn't matter much.  Now owning it, i realize that it matters.  I find that due to the ease in which it enters the mode in which the time changes, i often change the time accidentally.
Soft breathable jersey fabric, and even the mesh is soft and stretchy. I have a wide ribcage (33.5&#34;) but moderate bust and this fits me beautifully. I'm not able to wrap the ties around my ribcage and tie in the back, but I just tie it in the front and it's still sexy. No sagging and not too tight. Arrived just 5 days after ordering! Thank you I love it!
Watch is lovely with a large and easy to read face which is more and more important to me now that my 60's are here.  Quality is clearly visible.  Did have to take it to a jeweler to have many links taken out.  My wrist is not small, but the watch band was HUGE.  no complaints though; better too big than too small!
I wanted the beanies because I prefer them over any other kind of headwear. Plus I like the way they fit tight. These were really loose and the material feels very weak. I was really disappointed.
Can't be a pirate without proper boots.  It complemented well the pirate- wench custome we got at the same time.  Received many complements with it.
The information provided said they were leather and they are all manmade material...somewhat disappointed because they were a gift...will be a litttle dubious about buying genuine leather products in the future.
As other reviewers have mentioned, these shoes either slip off, or your toes are crammed if you've tightened them enough to keep them on. But you can easily run some ribbon through the cut out parts to tie them on. I have a green pair and I used black grosgrain ribbon and it looks perfect and now they are absolutely comfortable.
Very nice set, outstanding customer service.  I've gotten many compliments.  They look much more expensive than they were.  Great value in my opinion.
Bought this for my wife and she absolutely LOVES IT!!!  So elegant and fun!  Everyone who sees it asks about it!  It is the hottest watch this year!  Guys, trust me...  get this for the woman in your life and you won't be sorry!  ;-)
Absolutely LOVE!! It arrived on time, in perfect condition and I got a great deal!! The size, color and quality were exactly as advertised.
These shoes are super cute, they look just like the picture. If you have ever wanted a hot and sexy blue shoe then this is the one for you. I have searched for months trying to find the right shade of navy in a shoe that is stylish and cute. Be sure to get this one while it lasts!
I love these shoes.  I work on cement floors all day & really need lots of support.  I also have tendanitis in my ankles so I have to buy good shoes.  These shoes fit the bill.  I have worn out my last pair & an now working on wearing out my second pair.  I recommend them to anyone, for everyday wear, walking or working out!
I purchased this Loop backpack mostly for a 15&#34; laptop. This is not a laptop bag in the strict sense as it has no padding in front of the rear compartment, but there is some padding in the rear portion. For under $30, however, it will suffice. It has numerous (5) compartments, including the rear compartment which adequately accomodates my 15&#34; laptop. The build quality seems good, each zipper has it's own pull, and it is quite roomy, as well as having an earphone pass-thru which is not your typical plastic-y grommet , but a fabric hidden pass-thru loop next to the phone/player (top) pocket. The front compartment contains two pockets for pens/stylus/notebook/papers and an interior hook for things such as keys or flash drive. There is no carry handle per-se, but the straps are designed in a way that they join at top in a handle- like fashion and I have found this to be suitable for either carrying comfortably or hanging. For a bag under $30 and not a Wenger with base stabilizer, I'm satisfied; expect to pay at least $40 or more for anything better.
Carhartt has gone to cost reduction....pattern is only one sided and I expect it will fade (will not know until many washes).  Old material felt it could handle any briar bush around...these feel much thinner.
I consider this product is great because it has a good variety of colors, sizes, and it is easy to get . the shipping was in a shorter time than I was expected. I  love it !!
My girl loves this thing!  Its large and in charge and has some serious weight to it.Nickel free as well, shes allergic to said metal so that's important to us.
I was looking for a wedding band that could match my solitaire J-color round diamond engagement ring.  I read the other reviews and liked the style.  It is so beautiful and really sparkles.  It matches my engagement ring perfectly.  I can't wait to wear it everyday.  The price was what sold me as was the fact the diamonds don't go all the way around.  The 7 diamonds are just enough to add that wow factor.
Bought this as a gift, and she loved it!  Looks great in person, and was a great price!  The crystal is especially nice, and the luminescent dial is easy to read, but elegant.
Great quality for the price but the size was way off. Too big all over except the white button down- the collar was too small so we couldn't close the shirt. Then we didn't use the tie. Our son isn't huge either. He was almost 7 months and is average size. Should have ordered something else...
decently made, durable (so far), comfortable rubber sole, snazzy addition to my otherwise fairly boring work attire without looking unprofessional.  these do run on the narrow side for boys shoes, size 36, which makes them a perfect fit for my girly size 6.5 feet
I normally wear 11.5M but ordered a half size based on previousl reviews.  They are still a bit too snug and I will need to return for a 12.5 to get the most out of the shoe.
The price of the Fossil watch, quality and aesthetics were all excellent, although the watch was not exactly the same as pictured (i.e. there was no dent/circle in the white background as pictured). The dial case was larger than I thought, but the watch nonetheless looks great and moreover, is easy to read. There are many holes for the strap on the leather band, which is great for a variety of wrist sizes, especially if you have a smaller wrist.
This three piece was worth the price! I ordered it for my daughter to have for winter wear. I am glad with the purchase.
This product does not only have a great fit but the quality is outstanding. This is the 3rd time we have purchased & will continue to purchase
These clips are lovely! Colors are beautiful and match any outfit that your child may have. I just loved them. It is a nice gift for friends that have baby girls.
so i finally decided to spend more for what i thought would be a better sandal. i was excited to get my first pair. after having them for a week, i have to say, what's the big deal? they are no more comfortale that any other pair i own that were half this price. one thing i like about this particular pair is the clip that allows them to be opened up for foot insertion. they are my size but seem a bit long (size 10). maybe ecco next time.
This jacket exceeded my expectations.  It was however a bit small, so I returned for larger size (with no hassle whatsoever) and had my new jacket within a week!  Exceptional service!  This jacket is so incredibly soft, warm, and comfortable and I get tons of compliments on it every time I wear it.  It was worth every penny and I would recommend it to anyone!
Nice watch.  The band is a bit stiffer than I expected.  I'm hoping it breaks in a little.  If not, I'll just replace it with a rubber one.Overall, the watch looks good.  It doesn't feel cheap and I'm please how it looks on.  I bought this to remind myself of the Nautica I bought on my honeymoon that had the flags on the outside of the crystal and wore off.
I've worn New Balance for many years, and I've gotten used to their quirky sizes. Normally I take a 10 EE; in New Balance that usually means a 11 EE. But other reviews suggested these were overlarge a bit, so I tried the 114E that was available.Well, the length wasn't  too bad, almost usable. But the 4E .... Tight. Surprisingly tight.So I sent 'em in to try my normal 11, but since 4E was tight here I didn't think I could go down in width, so I stayed with 4E. This time the length was short, but the width was better. I would have exchanged them again, for a 12 4E, but after paying return shipping TWICE I just couldn't justify taking yet another chance.
I purchased this for my brother who was keeping large bills in a paper bank envelope in the front pocket of his shirt with a sweatshirt over it. While walking at a flea market he was touched on the shoulder by the guy behind him who had watched the envelope fall from him onto the ground. My brother wanted something that would hang from his belt, but this looked like a much better idea and more versatile. Now he can attach the pouch with the large bills to his shirt and just tuck it in, retrieving the $ when necessary. He is loving it!
i love the bra but its def way to tight around. other then that its just just will have to go out and get an extender for it.
Needed a much larger jewelry box that would still match with the rest of our bedroom furniture and remain free-standing... found this through Amazon and the price seemed right. Item is very sturdy and espresso color was close enough to what I was looking for (a bit darker then our other furniture, but you can never get a perfect match). Only issue I saw was that there were some lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.
I work in a hospital and am on my feet all day long (12-16 hrs at a time). It's nice to know that these are so comfortable and can get me through the day. I usually rotate my Nikes- but lately I only wear this pair. I definitely have to get it in a few different colors! Awesome price- awesome shoe!
This bag has lived up to my expectations. It's the perfect size for every day use, and also big enough to hold my Generation 2 Kindle. I love the cross-body style for comfort and security.
I had been looking for a reasonably priced 14kt white gold nose ring, and this seemed to fit the bill. The diamond gives off a subtle sparkle - some of my friends didn't even notice it until I purposely turned that side of my face towards them. Just a note, though: the thickness of the screw part of it is less than the kind that you get your nose pierced with. It shouldn't really matter, but if you're going to change it for another nose ring with a thicker screw (different gauge), just be sure to take a little more time to work it in. I had this nose screw for about two months before I lost it...while wiping off my face after a shower; part of the prong caught on the towel and it yanked out of my nose and flew who knows where. The setting on the diamond is a little loose (the prongs aren't all pressed down on the diamond all the way), so it caught on my towel. Sad, I know...I'm not sure if I'll buy it again (if it keeps getting caught on towels, clothes, etc, the replacement costs are going to run pretty high), but it was definitely nice to have while I had it. If you do decide to buy this, then just be careful when you're changing/showering/etc. I didn't have the problem that another review mentioned, of the stone falling out after a couple weeks, though. I'd recommend this ring, but just be very careful; the workmanship isn't 5-star (but I guess that's what you get for the price).
I bought this shirt for a number of reasons, but the main one was an up coming reunion with some of the guys I was in Vietnam. The shirt arrived on time, in good shape, caution these shirts do run big. First thing I did was wash it and starch the heck out of it like mammasan did but I can't find "monkey wood" to dry it over. LOL Love the shirt, brings back a lot of old memories.
I bought this bikini top in size 34C to wear with my pink swim skirt. The colour is bright, pretty and the cut is super sexy but very supportive. The fabric is of excellent quality.I am very happy with my bikini top and highly recommend this purchase.
I received my Samsonite 151 Series 24&#34; Spinner today.  I got it unpacked and commenced to rolling it around on my hardwood floors.  The wheels were not as smooth as I thought they would be, but they moved and turned great.  I think I expected more of a gliding feel when they moved.  Opened the suitcase up and was surprised at how much room there was.  Amazing.  I feel like I could put my kitchen sink in there.  Very roomy and a place for your shoes and it also came with a clear plastic zip up bag.  Not sure what that is for.  Love the color.  I think I'm going to like this one.  I didn't give it 5 stars, because I bought it for a trip in March and I haven't taken it yet.  Once I do I will come back and let you know how well it did in the airport.  So far I like what I see.
I really like the shine to this bead.  This is a very nice bead.  Anyone should be happy to own these beads and wear them proudly.
I ordered the black pack and have only had these socks for 2 weeks and I have already developed a hole in the end of one.  I have only worn that pair twice.  My toenails are not long and I have never had this problem with socks before.  I like the way they fit and look with my flats, but if they only last for two uses, it is definitely not worth the money.  I am very disappointed in the quality of this product.
girls friend loved it .... she was pumped great first belly chain to get to see if they like it or not before spending 100 bucks on one.
Bought this ring on a whim.  I get nothing but compliments on this all day long.  The color is gorgeous and looks great with a little tan too.  This is also the perfect accessory for a pop of color!
It's is the third pair of shoes that I have had of this design. This seems to be the best of the lot.  Love the insoles, see to be some sort of memory foam.Be advised that they definitely run a bit wide. I normally wear a wide shoe, but based on reviews I ordered a normal width.  Fit perfectly.  One other thing.  When you first put these on, you'll swear they are too long. Wear them for a day, and let the heel conform to your foot.
I have the worst luck with hats. The biggest flexfit size that is commonly available (L/XL) is just barely too small...enough so that it gives me a terrible headache. Fitted hats that are not flexfit are becoming less common. I initially ordered this hat in an XL, thinking that it would be just right. It was actually way too big. I sent it back for the large, which was PERFECT. If your head is slightly too big for a L/XL flexfit, get this in a large. It gits PERFECT. It keeps its shape quite well. I'm definitely getting one in every single color. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
I bought this watch to replace a timex ironman watch whose strap had fallen off and could not be put back on. This one seems well made (I don't think the straps will fall off), colors are nice, the large numbers are a good feature (even though they make for a larger watch). I also like that there is no button on the face of the watch. I've had it for a few weeks and it has worked well for biking, swimming and running. My only complaint is that it seems large for a woman's watch (though I am very small so I imagine this would not be an issue for most women), certainly much bigger than the timex ironman women's watches I've had in the past.
I bought two of these shirts to sleep in. I like to sleep in a shirt with a built-in bra because I find it more comfortable. I ordered size medium and, like many other reviews have stated, it was a bit tighter than a normal medium would be, but it was just what I was looking for. For reference, I am 5'5, 135 lbs, 36D. The medium is very comfortable for sleeping, but it's tight enough that I would never wear it out in public unless it was as an under shirt. And of course, the &#34;built in bra&#34; is exactly what you'd expect -- just extra fabric with an elastic band underneath. So we busty gals would def need to wear a bra with it if you're wearing it out. Unless you're not into that, to each her own! Anyway, I'm happy with this purchase. You should definitely order a size up from what you'd normally get, or 2 sizes up if you don't want it skin tight.
I bought these for my daughter for her birthday to run the 2013 NYC Marathon.  She finished.  She wanted the purple but they weren't available.
I had another pair of Keds and thought it would be same size. NOT...disappointed. Then noticed that the KEDS all have different names. That is the way it goes sometimes.
I love these pants so much!! I'm going to be wearing them constantly. They fit amazingly. I'm a size 0, I'm a very petite teen. so It's very hard for me to find pants that fit my tiny waist and legs.I was hesitant ordering these but I thought I would give it a shot, because lets face it, It's not everyday you find pants that look like this. So I ordered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;
I get compliments on these shoes!  I wanted a ballet flat with a little jazz and this fit the bill. The cusioned insole feels great, I can wear them all day.
At first, I thought these boots were identical to the taller version I use most of the year.  Then I looked more closely at the bottom (much more tread) and the interior.  The inside is not as &#34;fleecy&#34; as I expected, but the boots fit well so I tried them on a mile plus hike in 10 inch or so snow yesterday wearing my usual, rather thin, nylon socks (carrying back ups in case!).  These boots were great.  Comfortable when walking.  WARM!  I was very pleased!  Muck boots are worth the price any time, but these are outstanding for winter wear!
I purchased this bag in the pewter color after seeing someone with the printed version.  First off in terms of color, I love the pewter which is a great neutral color to go with everything.  I also like the contrasting lining which is a yellow color that makes everything very visible in the bag.  No more digging into the abyss of a purse looking for something.Another great feature of this bag is all the pockets on the outside.  I used this for vacation and it was great to be able to stick my water bottle on the side.  I also could use the other side pocket for my sunglasses and camera.  Everything stayed put easily but was at my fingertips when I wanted it.The size of this purse is great.  Not to big for me as I am used to carrying a tote for all my essentials.  I could fit all my stuff along with my hubby's wallet and young daughter's items in this pocketbook.This is my first Baggallini purse but will certainly not be my last.
Great comfort and fit.  They come out of the wash looking brand new.  Very soft fabric with good "give".  Perfect for yoga.Just a little too long, but I can live with that.  I would definitely recommend them and would buy again.
Perfect size for most airlines, fits quite a bit of stuff, just wish it had another outside pocket. However the front pocket allows me to slide my laptop in front.
I bought this watch for my wife and she really loves it . I got it on a lightning deal from Amazon . I checked all the websites at the time and found out that this watch was over a thousand dollars ... it's a shame that not even a week after I purchased it the price went down dramatically . Anyway I'm happy that I only payed $200 for it and the wife is happy with it . happy wife ,happy life . Thank you Amazon for the merchandise and Gevril for creating another masterpiece
Super soft, warm, and lightweight - gave it 4 because there were a few loose threads that made it look a little cheap when it arrived - snipped them and they haven't returned. Would give it a 4.5 if I could.
Felt cheep.  It is not as warm as I thought it should be considering it is the storm fleece.  I did keep it for my husband.  It does run a bit small, so order up.
I loved the earrings. They were beautiful. But the silver back broke after wearing them once.I returned the earrings and still waiting for another pair, even exchange.
I really love these shoes comfort level.I m a big and tall guy who is always up and down roofs,these shoe provide great support and comfort.There is only a bit of issue when the soles get wet.They get a little slippery.But they are supper great in all other aspect,also your feet are  ventilated and cool through out the day.
I've had lower back pain for sometime. Discovered Asics about a year ago and their running shoes really helped. Back really got stiff after golf so I tried them and no stiff back after I play.
The packaging was weird.  The were pack loose and not in a actual package.  Other than that no problems with the socks.
I bought this necklace and earring set for my vow renewal. I was hesitant because of the super low price...I did not want something that looked cheap.  I was pleasantly surprised. I got much more than I paid for!  The necklace has an expensive look and nice weight. The stones are perfectly clear and shimmer beautifully. The earrings are okay..they have the same quality as the necklace, but do not detract from it. The bonus bracelet, though, is a cheapy toss-in. It is not bride quality, but was perfect for my pre-teen daughter.
I love  the dress as the Grim Reaper for Halloween, but have not done so in a while.  Most of the costumes on-line or in stores are so ordinary and cheaply made.  Not this one!.  The mask looks so authentic, given the jaw moves an the design is very detailed.  I used pieces of black hosiery to cover the eye sockets, to complete the nefarious effect. The outfit itself was so much more than I expected.  Heavy, high quality materials were used, including the rope sash.  The tattered sleeves and pant legs were also very well done.  I got rave reviews with this costume!  Highly recommend it!  Worth every penny!  Be warned that because it is so well made, with heavy materials, it is warm to wear, so no need to wear heavy clothing underneath.
I love this dress, it is so feminine and fits great! It is quite well made and I like it so much, I bought it in another color too!
These are very well made socks, but for the price, I expect the fit to be perfect.  I wear size 13 and ordered the XL socks.  The quality is good, and you can't beat their lifetime guarantee, but they are very tight across the front of my ankle.  I have to really stretch the material out to get them to feel OK.  By the end of the day they stretch out and fit, but the first couple hours are a little uncomfortable.
This is a good chronograph watch with all the major functions I wanted. It goes well with casual looks as well as dressy looks. The watch is a bit heavy, but I like heavy watches so this is not a negetive for me. The band is comfortable and clasp closes securely.
This is a fine product but I thought there would be 14 of them based on the item title. FYI: You only get 1. The title is misleading.
I bought this beach bag after doing much research deciding what bag would fit everything I needed for a family with children.  This bag is great!  We can easily fit 4 or more beach towels in it, multiple containers of suntan lotion, water bottles, cell phones, camera, etc and still have room to spare!  I would recommend this beach bag to any family - you won't be disappointed!
Great medium sized summer tote bag, as described on Amazon. Using it for my trip to Hawaii, later this summer.
These camis are one of my favorite finds on Amazon.  I was hesitant of the one size fits all, but I am 5'4" and weigh about 115 pounds and these fit perfectly.  Initially, I ordered them in two colors.  Four of five months later, they still look great.  The colors I have are pretty and bold, so it is easy to add something extra to the outfit by layering.  They have held up to wear and washing without fading, stretching, or knotting.  A pet peeve of mine is material that collects lint and these camis pass the test with flying colors.
I ordered this bra to wear under my thin strap and strapless shirts.  It is very comfortable and fits very well.  I would recommend it to any woman who is looking for a good, strapless bra that offers support.
I ordered these snowpants so they would be big on her.  There weren't any snowpants that were her size or price either.  She will grow into these snowpants, plus these snowpants have adjustable straps.  The snowpants zip in the front and the side zipper is only on the bottom of the pants on the side and comes up maybe 6-12 inches and has another lining under the pants it self in the area where it zips and unzips down on the bottom so that the child can get there pants in the boot and then put the snowpants over the boot.
I have been looking for a pair of shearling slippers for a long time. After plenty of research I decided to try the Tamarac slippers. They are awesome. Ordered my standard shoe size 9 wide and they fit perfectly. Keeps my feet warm and keeps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.
A proper watch, very comfortable, easy to read. Nice size, not a pompous monstrosity. If you need a business causal watch, this fits the bill. I could not be happier.
These also have no tags, and are nicely tight fitting. I'm a slim 6'0&#34; and the Large fits snugly. They are really long if you have a hotty girlfriend that needs a nighty, lol
Definitely not what I expected. It's too bulky and the size is way too large. So when you order it should be an inch smaller than your actual size. I will not be able to wear it at all. What a shame!
Exelentt, this is my favourtite watch, i love it. i use it everydayy!!! its Really cool and stylish, i get a lot of compliments about itt!!!
Shoe is exactly like the picture. Amazons Shipping was Excellent, brought on 25/07 received on 30/07.It was a gamble getting size 11 as that's my normal shoe size. Shoes fits good would possibly be better a half size down.Packaging was good, only minor tear in the shoe box itself.Will be definitely be getting more.
I bought these for my granddaughter. She has just learned to walk and like when my kids were learning to walk, you buy only the best for their feet to start them out right!  So her first two pairs of shoes have been Stride Rite!!
I am dissatisfied with the quality of the article, the same when using a third time detached white front indicates the minutes. the quality is not good
The fabric is very thick and keeps the clothing from pulling in directions where the snaps are. I've found that to be a problem with some of these kimono style onesies.
CAUTIONARY VENDOR TALE FIRST: (Please see addendum below, they made good on the order!)I received my Sanita clogs in great time--especially considering they were ordered the Friday before Memorial Day! They arrived, I excitedly opened the box, and was horrified to discover that even though they are leather lined, they are fabric covered! The description is very misleading because it says "leather uppers" and doesn't mention textile ANYWHERE. The online view didn't allow me to zoom in to see the details of the product before ordering, it's very misleading. So ordering them was a bit of a risk in the first place. That's not the worst, though. There was a crack in the sole and the paint was peeling off the staples and the soles looked worn. There were sold as new! Because the item isn't specifically sold by Amazon, I may possibly NOT get a refund because defect refunds are at the discretion of the seller. So yes, please beware of the vendor--European Walking Store. They have high customer satisfaction rating, but I'm a little less than pleased with them. So ZERO STARS FOR THE VENDOR.Sanita Prof Zina closed orange clogs review:They are beautiful clogs! VERY unique! Please be informed that they are fabric covered, so if being purchased for work, don't wear them if they could get things spilled on them because clean up will be crazy. Especially if you're in food service or are a nurse. My son told me to get some spray plastic for them :-D or OR booties. *sigh*Anyway. They are the coolest clogs I've ever seen anywhere and they fit like they were made for me. If they weren't defective, I'd keep them. Order up a size for sure--I wear a 10.5-11 in US sizes, and ordered a 42 and they fit perfectly. Something to also remember with closed clogs is that you DON'T want the back to fit snug against the heel--there should be a gap. If you have a profession where you're on your feet all day, I highly, highly recommend this brand (Sanita). A takes just a short while to adjust to the arch, but it's really fantastic. Just be careful of the vendor (European Walking Store)!IMPORTANT ADDENDUM: I sent these clogs back, received a $10 "we're very sorry" credit from European Walking Store, and was able to replace my order. They were very prompt with replying to any questions I had about the order, very courteous in all ways--over the phone and with e-mail. The replacement clogs were in great shape in every way, also. THANK YOU!!!!
The halo is ok.  The picture included more colors that the actual product.It did arrive quickly.
Great set. I bought these for me and my girlfriend for Christmas and they came two weeks earlier than expected. They are very well made the chain is a good length and good on the eyes. My girlfriend and I have been wearing them ever since a and we love them
These are really great shirts. They are soft, true to size, and very comfortable. I bought three, and I'm so happy with them, I plan to buy more colors.
I was pleased with the promptness of delivery and the packaging of these products. Thank you.
I knew when I saw it that is would be mine!  It is very nice and not overly revealing.  It does hug your curves nicely but you must order the right size!  I wasn't sure at first to get a medium or a large, so I went with the large and it is still tight on me (a couple of weeks of working out I will shrink pretty easy :).  I am 5'5 164 lbs. 36D hip 41' waist 31'.  I have broad shoulders as well so it was tight in the shoulders and in the hips  but like the other reviewers said the material is stretchy, I can still wear the costume just fine so I will not return it because it still looks so good!The headband is alright but I desired full round horns, so I ordered my own fancy horns from another site.  I am thinking of getting it altered around the shoulders and purple sequined neck area.  I want the "V" neck to be lower in the front to show of my "girls" more too.  Since I ordered my own horns I can use the extra fabric from the horns on the headband to use on my shoulder area and lower the V pretty easy so no biggie.  It is a long dress but with platform heels it is still long, for me I loved it dragging the floor a bit it gives the you a Queenly feel when you walk in it and I loved it like that. I had no problems walking in it or stepping on it (remember the dress fits your curves and the open front gives you room to move).  I am happy and can't wait to make it my own and wear it out!
This item is everything it was advertised to be.  W/we like it a lot.
Very pleased with this stuff, went on easily, and rinsed off easily leaving clean silver.  And some of my jewelry was really really tarnished...not anymore, and a little goes a long way, that tube will last me for 10 years easily
very nice a true representation of the sixtys and of woodstock would have liked a little thicker material to be on the safe side I recommend not putting it in the dryer I've worn it several times and got lots of compliments
The watch was beautiful except it said &#34;ichael Kors&#34; not &#34;Michael Kors&#34; on the face! Is Savvy Watch selling irregular or fake watches? I don't know but it ruined my daughters Christmas gift!
These leg warmers barely stretch around my calves; they are way too tight! I can't get them as high up on my legs as they are shown on the mannequin legs in the picture, and I definitely could never fit them on over leggings. I'm not stick-and-bones thin but most people consider me pretty small (for a frame of reference, in Express jeans I am usually a size 2-short). So I can't imagine too many adult women fitting into these unless they have those long, slender model-legs. They should probably be marketed as children's leggings, instead of "women's legwarmer" as they are labeled currently. On a positive note, they do look just like the picture. It's a shame they have to be so tight.
Good quality, style is also good, size is unclear, but the husband wear small, return very trouble, forget it, be careful next time.
Very well made jacket at a great price.  I'm very satisfied with the fit and finish.  With regard to sizes, I noticed a trend in the other reviews I read.  Those that had trouble with the sizes, saying they tend to run small, were those individuals in the multiple extra large categories.  For people like myself who wear a medium, the sizes tend to run more true.  If I had taken their advice and ordered a large, I would have ended up sending it back for a medium. A large would have been much to big. So, I'm glad I noticed that trend in the reviews and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.
If you have 2 right hands this is the glove for you.  Poor quality and thin.  The two right hands were also 2 different sizes.
It is true that you get what you pay for. Look closely at the picture (3 button front) without anchors. No rear vent. Light material. Get a real one at SchottNYC.com for more cost but well worth it! Wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants anything but a budget coat.
I've had this for 6 years, and originally bought it for airsofting (paintball but more realistic). I modified airsoft guns a lot and needed to be able to get a speed reading before hitting the field to make sure I'd be within field regulations. Airsoft speeds range from 250-600fps. These days I've put various 9mm and 12ga shotgun loads over it and it works like a charm, even in the case of bird and buck shot where you have multiple projectiles.I lost the light diffuser arches years ago, which does make it just a little tougher to use, but once you get used to what it wants for light, you can learn how to use it with or without them. It's not hard.My F-1 Chrono has been tossed into and out of boxes, karted around on the airsoft field and the shooting range, and has been through a lot of abuse. The metal is bent in a few places and the plastic protecting the screen has come off from being hit a few times with airsoft bbs, but it still works great.Only down side I've ever noticed is that it seems to slowly drain its 9V battery if you leave the battery plug hooked up when it's in storage. The battery is exposed inside the unit though, so it's a 2-second thing to disconnect it. Not a big enough deal to sway my 5-star rating.Buy one if you want to know how fast stuff is flying!
I like this watch because it is exactly what I was looking for, and as described on the website..I was very pleased.
Curvation Posture Underwire Bra (5304628)I love Curvations bras.  They fit well, are comfortable, wash well and wear well.  I like the convenience of being able to order them online.
Casio has a great product here.  It is easy to set and easy to go through the menus of the watch.  I love it.
The blue really isn't as vivid as in the picture. But my boyfriend liked it so I have no complaints.
The Rick Steves Silk Money Belt was worn by my husband.  He said that it was easy to wear, had just the right number of compartments, no probelm with airline security.  It made us feel that our passports, credit cards, and money, were all safe from pickpockets when travelling around in Europe.
this wig made my Katy Perry outfit for Halloween - the perfect shade of blue
I like them very much, but thought they would be a little bit more comfortable than they are, being that they are aerosoles. But they are comfortable.
DD#3 needed a chess set to take to chess club.  This is great and a great color for her too.
It was the size of a small handbag. not sure what the point of a bag this small is. I did read the HxWxL but dont think they match.
This necklace is super sweet & simple :) Love it & totally recommend it...great price too...only negative is the chain seems a little dainty for me, but I decided to keep it anyways!
I have adored all my Wave shoes in various models so I was looking forward to getting the same incredible comfort in a sandal.  I ordered my normal size but the instep strap was too narrow and cut into my forefoot.  I am sure that if I had had somewhat narrower feet I would have cherished these as I have my other Waves.
I don't know if the amber necklace has had an effect on my nursing baby but I do like the way it looks and how sturdy it is. My baby and toddler pull on it and it has held up to all the attention. The clamp is easy to do and the necklace is smooth and the stones are nice. So far so good!
OMg, they had this on sale for [...] this averaged $25 bucks for me. Now the price is up. this shoe is cute, only thing that sucks is that it comes in only whole sizes. I wasn't sure if i should go a 7 or 8. I did go for a 7 and while i have about a 1/4 or so of my foot hanging out in the back, the thing at the back doesn't make it visisble. The straps aren't stiff so you don't have to worry about them cutting into your foot, and the sole isn't hard and uncomfortable like the ones i've seen at aldos or bakers. if you're a 7.5, you may want to order an 8 or if your feet isn't a true 7.5, you can order a 7m. Even if a little bith of your feet hangs in the back, no one will see it.These shoes are easy to walk it. The khaki one is a little metallic. i think it has a lot more shine than i'd like but it's not soo much that i can't wear these shoes casually with a pair of shorts or dress.All in all, i like them. Not sure if i'd pay the full msrp for them but with some discount, they'll set you apart from the cheap look alikes you'll see at the stores in the mall.Oh, i think a person with wide or borderline wide foot can wear these. the straps are soo adjustaple.
The bag smells like it is stale.  I like the size of it, but haven't used it yet.Trying to figure out how to get rid of the smell before using it.  Right nowit is sitting in my trunk.
It was a bit too large for me and and I should have returned it but I needed it for a trip to Mexico. I used skin tape to keep the bra area from revealing too much. It's really a pretty dress. It runs big so order smaller. It is a great dress if you have large breasts. Mine were a bit too small for it.
I was so pleased with the silver Menorah I bought from Sabrina Silver a year or so ago I thought I would check out their  Star of David.  It was even better than I anticipated.  The picture doesn't do it justice.  The cut of the silver really makes it shine.  Just the right size and a great price!  I will likely buy more for gifts.
so hard to find all leather sandals, hate the manmade leather shoes. these sandals are amazing, comfy and will last!!!
But the metal is nice and heavy, good quality. The leather could be more supple, but that'll just take some wearing!
Very sturdy and razonable price for the quality. The made materials are first grade and the duffle are exceptional product.
I bought these for my guy ane he loves them.  He says they are very comfortable, soft and the fit is perfect.
whenever i wear this ring, i always get compliments....  it's lovely, the nother of pearl has a soft glow, and it's easy and comfortable to wear!
Purple is my favorite color so it didn't take long for me to decide to purchase this.  It has a great feel and looks just like the picture.  I always knock my wrist but it has not cracked or scratched and I have had many inquiries about where I got it!Keeps time perfectly so far!Great value and super cute!
The top of the cap is not lined. Only the flaps are lined. Size is smaller than expected. I can't wear it. I am not happy with this purchase.
The show were not well made at all... Some of the chains were loose before I was able to put them on and the were not comfortable at all... I probably won't were them ever again....
It is a beautiful bra but cup on the small side. Since it is a maternity/nursing bra one would think it would be based on you pre-nursing size. well it is not. you have to go a bit bigger (at least a cup size) to account for you added milk supply. Total bummer for me cuz now I have a bra that I bulge out in unless I have just feed or pumped.
I loved these pumps. I ordered them overnight delivery for my daughter's christening. They were comfortable and the rubber sole made me confident that I could move around quickly and comfortably while holding my young daughter. The fit was true to size and for smacking brand new shoes on and going that day...NO BLISTERS! I would recommend these pumps to a friend and I intend on purchasing more in diff colors.
A few months ago I was looking to transition into minimalist running shoes for a variety of reasons.  However, I tried to transition too fast and ended up with tendonitis in my ankle.  Just recently I discovered the Asics 33 line and a friend gave me a pair of Blurs to try.  I absolutely love them.  They are a minimalist style shoe w["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses."]["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!']["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.']["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase."]["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;"]["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.'] believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.
vegan professional striped- 38 is too big and would need 2 pairs of thick socks and heel slips out, 37 is too small and would only be able to use a very thin sock....hmmmm. advice anyone? i wear a solid 7.5 in most shoes.
These shoes are made well with great quality leather. They fit true to size and they are cushioned on the inside. The cut out by the ankle is very sassy. The colour is like a creamy butter and is perfect as neutral. The wedge is comfortable. You do not need any insoles for these shoes. All shoes/pumps/sandals by Corso Como are cushioned to perfection in all the right places.
Excellent.  Fits both a pad of paper and an iPad 2.  Lots of slots, pen holder and great looking design (crisp and professional).Great value for the money.  And it fits in a laptop bag easily.  Highly recommended.
Like other reviewers, these duffle bags (of any size) do not stand upright when fully packed.  However, I would buy them over again as they perform like troopers.  Airlines didn't damage them, train trips didn't damage them, luggage handlers and hotel bellmen threw them around with abandon and not a mark, scuff, fray or break.  All over England and Scotland I stuffed and restuffed them to the point of zipper failure, but the zippers did not fail!  The rolling mechanism is smooth and strong, even when I stacked a smaller bag on top.  There are handles everywhere you need one, and external and internal pockets to use or not.  Easy to find on the carousel.  Recommend them highly.
Fits great and has a high quality look. My dad wears it on the boat and gets tons of honks from fellow boaters!!
I waited to do my review because I wanted to be sure I was giving a real review. The ring is beautiful and shines very well. I always get compliments. Fits well, sized perfectly. The stones are all in tact. Love the ring. Great purchase.
Too Tight Thru The Toe. Tried To Stretch. No Luck.Not Leather. Very Pretty Boots. To Bad I Can't Return Them
as the other reviewer told , not very shiny as it looks in the picture , jewellery set looks very tiny. to be honest both the earring and pendant looks same in size . i would wait for response from my wife and then decide whether to keep it or not , for me 3* .
These are nice looking shoes, and quite comfortable.  They seem more of a casual shoe than a sports shoe to me, as they have little support and the sole feels pretty soft and thin - not really supportive.  I have received compliments on the appearance of these shoes.The one thing that I personally did not like was a little flap at the heel.  I did  not see it in the pictures, but there is a loose piece of leather located right at the achilles tendon.  I really didn't like it flopping around, so I actually ended up gluing it down - it bothered me that much.  It clearly a part of the design of this shoe, but one that I was not expecting nor desiring.
I purchased 3 pairs of these from Dick's Sporting Goods and they're the only pants my son wears.  He's very particular about the feel of pants and these have held up well for the past 15 months that we've had them.  After a growth spurt, my son is now 5'10&#34; and the men's size small pants are too short for him.  I did find some similar pants that are sold on Amazon which are called the Under Armour Reflex Warm-up Pants.  My son tried on the Men's Small at Dick's Sporting Goods and they are much longer.  It's the same material, but with a wider waist band, much deeper pockets and at least 2&#34; longer.  If you are taller or have a son that needs room to grow, you'll definitely want to go with the Under Armour Reflex Warm-up Pants. The price at Dick's was $39.99 too.  I'm thinking Under Armour may have replaced last years version for the Reflex since I wasn't able to find any of the kind I bought last year in the store.
This is a beautiful chain but you need to know that the thickness and style make it lay in a distinct circle around your neck. Even with a pendant on it, it retains its shape. So the effective length of the chain is actually a little shorter than a more fluid chain would give you. I don't regret purchasing it. The seller was great to work with and it is very pretty and was well priced, but it is a little different than I expected and was looking for. Guess I'll have to get an 18" chain shortened a bit to hang at the right spot, but I'll enjoy having this as well.
This is a nice, all-around versatile bag.  Nothing stunning but works with everything and it is just the right size.
This definitely functions okay as a wallet but the material is really flimsy. I worry how safe my husband's money is in there!
This necklace is so pretty but super cheap(not price wise). I loved how it's a replica of the one form the drama but this pendent will not even last a week its so cheap it gets stained pink quickly. I had to purchased a real sterling silver chain beacuse the one it came with turned pink and it was also really short. the pendent turned pink aswell but I still wear it since it was just the back of the star and moon that is stained. i love the fact that this is like the one from the drama and also I love the meaning behind this wecklace, but trust me this is not worth your money. :(
I bought these in the tan color a couple years ago and love them so much I ordered the black this year.  I use a shoe horn to get them on and right out of the box they are perfectly comfortable to wear all day and night.  I do not have a high arch and that might make it hard for some to put them on I suppose.  They are like wearing my favorite fit flop sandal except my feet are warm, I highly recommend them if you love your sandals. My feet never get tired in them!
Got this as a gift for my brother, and it looks great! Seems to be good quality, and size was as expected. Haven't washed it, but looks like it'll hold up. Only complaint is that whatever they use to print the image on the shirt smells awful when you first open it up, but I hung it up for a few days and it went away. Same thing happened with the other LOTR shirt I ordered on here.
This out fit is well made. The skirt should be hand washed separately from clothes that you don't want wearing bits of it afterwards. It is surprisingly versatile. The skirt and blouse can be worn with tights instead of the pants. The skirt is not too short. The set was priced at 10.25. It was a great bargain.
I have been extremely pleased with this ring box.  It looks nice and the open window allows me to choose the ring I want to wear even before I open the box.  I love it.
Have no complaints about these boots. They are versatile and easy to get on and off. They've been water resistant and warm so far this winter.
This was for a Christmas present.  Unfortunately it arrived broken.  However, after Christmas it was a simple matter of contacting Amazon for the return.  Pretty easy to return.  We ended up buying a similar watch (they couldn't offer me the same model : ( so we got a similar one from the same manufacturer and it worked fine)  Maybe I just got the only lemon?  I don't know.  I guess it was my bad for not opening the box and checking to make sure the watch worked before I gave it to my son for Christmas.
I wanted to love these shoes, but after playing in them a few times now and having a cramp in my foot from the twisting they just fit a bit big in the toe-box area then I had hoped... I love ASIC - have other runners and tennis shoes - but I wanted this color... so took a chance ... I guess I just need a more fitted / thinner foot box.I will keep wearing just cause I like the color and my tennis isn't good enough to cause issues with my feet!!
I really love these earrings.  They look fantastic!  I have gotten several compliments.  They are lightweight and don't weigh down your ears.
The shirt was just as it looked online. Great quality shirt. It arrived on time and i had no problems. Love it:)
I have consistently used Anime themed messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.
If you are petite you might be ok. I normally wear a M for shirts so will get L for sweatshirts. Ordered a XL for this and the sleeves were too short and tight (forget layering). The shoulders were tight also. Got to figure out what to do with it now.
I purchased these for my 18 yr old for Christmas.  I cannot tell you how many shoes he's gone through since he took up skateboarding....maybe 4 pairs in 4 months.And, although winter is upon us now, the shoes have lasted thus far.  Additionally, my son has had many compliments on his shoes from his skateboard buddies.  He can't believe I was so clever as to purchase an 'in' pair of skateboarding shoes.It has been over a month and a half and the shoes are still in good shape.  I am happy w/my purchase.Update.. The shoes lasted from Christmas until June.  Given that he is a skateboarding fiend - this is a long time. The shoes really take a beating...shoes vs. concrete- concrete will eventually win.  I have purchased another pair.  If they also last six months, I believe that's a quality shoe.
They shipped and arrived when they said they would. Great quality and fit great. Would recommend them to anyone to buy!!
My fiance and I purchased two of the Princess Flower Girl Party Dresses and were extremely satisfied with the quality and appearance of both of them.  Now our little girls will be able to look like princesses for our wedding.  A feature we liked was the blue rose; its detachable.  We couldn't be more satisfied.
I had ordered this item in black but got navy blue instead.  I contacted the seller and they said to send it back and they would sent out the correct color.  I hadn't done that to this point b/c of time.  I don't have the extra time to go to the Post Office to return.  I am using them in blue for now.
Despite the pretty high heel these shoes are comfortable.I usually wear 11 in Nine West, these 11 fit true to size.
I thought I was getting style 3488, which is what I bought at a local store and love. But this is 3484, not at all the same. Differences:3488:Slightly padded cups so your nipples don't show throughSeems to be slightly bigger bandBand doesn't roll, at least not as badly as the other style3484:TighterNo padding in cups, just two layers of fabric, so less support, tooBand rolls badly, makes lumps under clothesBand tighter
Super soft leather, not bulky at all, husband loved it to replace his beat up one. The price you can't beat, when same wallet is $30 in the big retailer. Thanks!
My wife and I were well pleased with the cost and the quality of the hat we purchased.  It was a gift we were proud to give.
These boots very comfortable but I won't know how much I like them ,until I see if they keep my feet warm.
This is the ONLY bra I have found that fits my figure and is able to hold me up in full comfort.  A lot of my breast is under my arm, and this strong, comfortable material puts it back where it belongs -- front and center.  It is as comfortable as a support bra.  I can never find my size at the department store, so buying my hard-to-find size on Amazon was so easy.  And I can order my size in white, black or beige.  Amazon is where I will buy this bra from here on out.
I got this item at a great discount, thought it was cool and cute enough that even if it turned out cheap my girlfriend and I would like it. I was wrong.Its not bad by any means, but there is a looseness to the transforming action I was not expecting. Once you take it off, it immediately starts shifting and sliding around... which I guess is the point, but I was expecting a more solid construction and less give.My BIG issue with the ring however is that the two tone color is achieved by painting/dyeing/treating the metal after it is already assembled. This caused the silver to also become discoloured, and gives the whole thing a very cheap look. its ugly when it slides apart since there are several large grey blotches on what is supposed to be a silver finish.Anyway, try your luck. I got it at a cheap price, and you get what you pay for.
Look great and are a great shoe for a fair price.  I will buy these again when a replacement is needed
These boots are just what I was looking for.  They are so easy to put on and get off. They are very comfortable
I really liked the costume...on-line.The cape has this velcro fastner that feels like it's choking you,I hated it .the boot covers were too short to cover the tip of you're regular shoe and they would fall down you're legs ,very uncomfortable....  so I bought go go boots to wear with it at the last minute.The belt around the waist was too small. The velcro  was not sticking so the belt kept falling off.horrible time wearing it.=[
I have these pants in beige as well.  I like the design and the fabric is a nice quality.  But at 5' 3&#34; and about 100 lbs, the size 4P pants do run a little short.  They can only be worn with flats or boots.  Otherwise a good buy.
I ordered the set with size 3T and get the pants 2T, 2T polo and jacket size 5, so that my son can not use anything as or very small or extremely large.When ordered I was in MIami, but the order came a day before I go back to my country, so it was impossible to return it.
This product was as good as it looks, I loved it! I bought it as a gift to my boyfriend, he has almost the same one but it has around 6 years and needed a change! By today he hasn't received it! But im sure he'll like it! Very good quality material, although I was looking for the color that he has wich is a very dark brown that it kind of looks like black but its not? However black is fine!!
Its a nice hat, very cool that it is reversible and the graphic looks nice.  But if you have a small head it tends to sit up a little too high in my opinion
These are excellent boots. However, they do need to be purchased in a size larger than one's shoe size since they go over shoes.
Soild well built watch, looks and feel way more expensive than what it cost. The cyclops now really magnifies the date, something the older Invicta models just didn't do well...at all. Also the watch has a quick connect system which makes it easy to remove and change out the band.
I bought this wallet a 1 1/2 years ago, the zipper broke, so I returned it and they gave me a new one (which was a different model). The["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.']["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.']on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.
Glad it only cost $40.00, its worth half that like it says Walmart kinda sad, not worth it at all
So mad at myself for buying these, the return date past for these shoes so I'm stuck selling them on ebay :( First of all they don't run true to size I got a 7 and it's pretty tight around my ankle. Its really cheap looking material and very dangerous to walk in. I would not for the life of me recommend these shoes to anyone they're absolutely atrocious.
I ordered this necklace and loved it, but I only wore it 5 times and it broke... You get what you pay for I guess...
Absolutely beautiful watch. Much nicer than picture. It's for my dad so hopefully he likes it. Got it for a great price & wonderful service & delivery from Amazon. Well done. Another great purchase I made.
I bought this gift as a last-minute desperate replacement for my mother-in-law for Christmas. It arrived very quickly, and it is very dainty and just lovely. I was a bit worried about the clasp, but it has the swinging mechanism plus another clip that requires you to sort of push a button to slide the clasp out. It's not so tiny that I'm worried about it breaking, and not so large that it looks fake. I'll post photos when I figure out how.Definitely amazing, and I am yet again very pleased with the quality from Silver Speck. The only thing I debated docking a star for was that their jewelry is packaged in a somewhat cheap, light blue bag with &#34;Silver Speck&#34; embossed in silver on it--not in a box or nice pouch as I've had from other sellers. Since the jewelry seems to be pretty good quality, the packaging actually makes it look cheaper. But overall, I have old jewelry boxes I can use, and you can always buy them with the money you save when you order from this seller!!
I got this coat on sale for about $200. Then I went to the department store and tried on other known makers of nice overcoats, on sale for half this price.  I actually bought one and brought it home.  When I tried on this Amazon one, then the dept store one, I quickly packed up the dept store one and took it back for a refund. The Kenneth Cole Kennedy coat hangs and looks that much better. Plain design, soft fabric, nice full length warm liner that I'll take out this summer.  Looking forward to the next rainy day!
These are great jeans !  Snug fit with stretch. Higher rise waistband so no muffin top. I had them shortened so I can wear with flats. Love em!
If you have a low budget, these shoes are awesome, fit as expected and are confortable. I Train with this shoes and is a good option. I think is a very good purchase!
This shirt looks great and fits really well on my husband. We are both big game of thrones fans, and he prefers house stark so this is perfect for him without looking too nerdy or anything.
I really like this handbag, it's roomy, I can carry all my things inside of it!! Good quality. I have received so many compliments.
These were just what I wanted.  Very attractive in an understated way.  Not over the top, not too large, but classy enough to be appreciated and they were well loved!
My ankle/foot doctor sells this brand in his office and I loved the sandals and flip flops and thought why not order this for an easy shoe to wear. Easy and comfy but orthodic built into the shoe has an arch that is placed weird compared to the other shoes of this brand and it irritates my condition so much that I was in agony just wearing for a few errands. Brought it with me to have dr take a look and he told me all that I mentioned above if only I could take the orthodic out and put my own in I would love this shoe. Wish it worked for me ;( cause it was cute and ideal.
I ordered this on a Wednesday, it arrived (free shipping) on Thursday.  I couldn't be more pleased.  It is exactly as advertised.  The fit is perfect, the leather is high-quality, and it looks really good.  It arrived carefully packed, wrinkle-free, and smelling just like a leather coat should.  I highly recommend this coat, and would not hessitate to order from this company again.
Rough Cut is an understatement.  The ring is absolutely gorgeous but there are so many scratches across the face of the ruby that it absolutely ruins it.  There is no shine at all, as depicted in the photo, just graying hairline scratches.  I would have returned the ring but missed the window of opportunity to do so.  It's unfortunate there are so many scratches on it because otherwise it would be stunning.
I bought this to keep my jewelry organized. It lived up to my highest expectations. The "leather" kind of feels fake to me, but it isn't noticeable unless you really look at it and feel it. It is actually leather, but it feels more like vinyl. Aside from that, I love the design and the color. It is a little lighter in color than the posted picture. Another reviewer mentioned this. The box is well designed and stays closed tight. It is sturdy. I've posted some pictures of the box above.I would definitely repurchase. Great value.
I ordered this watch for a graduation gift for my daughter. It arrived a couple days before I expected it to. She got to wear it for the actual graduation. It was for her masters degree and I caught her playing with during the ceremony. She loves it. Great watch.
This is my first slim wallet and I intend to stay with this brand forever. The wallet is very lightweight, slim, and can fit my most important items without bulking up... After about 4-5 months it is still in great condition and the material is holding up nicely.....
I received the gloves within the time specified.  They fit snuggly but the lining in one finger seems to be loose and caused  some difficulty  putting the glove on.  I have purchased this brand before and was surprised at the way the lining was not properly set in the glove.  I suppose that is whay they were discounted.  Once on, there seems to be no other problems.
I received my leg warmers before the estimated delivery date...  I am satisfied with my order and the service that I received... I will recommend this vendor and I will be ordering again from them in the future...
Just Buy It...Seriously.Life is Uncertain, and You never know when you will need a chicken hat!Avoid disappointment and Future Regret - Buy Now!
I've been sold on Duofold for 30 years and they have yet to let me down. I had 2 pair of one piece that i rotated and kept on for 3 months during the ski season.
I work out in the sun ALL DAY LONG, all year round. Before I got the sunsleeves, it always felt like my skin was cooking under the sun or getting windburned at times. Look, if you didn't heed your mothers warnings about sun damage when you were younger, protect your skin now. The sunsleeves are moisture wicking, so even in the hot sun, you don't even know they're there. Just peace of mind that your skin is protected from the suns damaging rays. Buh-bye greasy sunblock!
I like to think that i am a pretty good opinion on sandals as i live in the desert and wear them almost daily. So far these are the most comfortable flip flop i have owned. The fit is quite snug so your foot feels very secure int hem and don't have to worry about losing one if you had to jog across a crosswalk or anything like that. The other part that got me were that these are very comfortable, they almost feel squishy and manage that without being obtrusively thick.  I will actually end up ordering the black pair more than likely as a back up. Spend the extra $5 compared to a standard thing flip fop and pick a pair of these up. One last note would be if you have a little wider foot than a normal D width, these will be a very snug fit.
I was pleased in the product. It arrived quickly and I have enjoyed the pants.  Being a large man, I really appreciate a product that is tough and comfortable.  Thank you.
I use these sunglasses everyday at my summer counselor job.  Even with roughness of 55 children these have 0 scratches on the["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise."]ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.
I've had these boots for about a day now and I can already tell they are awesome.  I've exclusively worn boots for the past thirty years and I can already tell that these are up there with the best.  Most have commented on the fact that there will be a long break in period, but I don't see that.  I highly recommend these boots, comfortable, awesome looking and very well made.  Size is right on.
Just received mine and it is gorgeous!  (It's more gold & black than pink, I don't think the gold showed up in the photo as much as the pink did.)  It also has silver sequins mixed in with the gold and pink ones.  Everyone in my class gave a compliment and it sounded great.  It's fun to shimmy in!  Looks much more expensive than $19.99.  The s&h is high, but fair if you order more than one item from Bellyqueen/Opentip.  So shop away!
Ridiculously cheap material and cheaply made.  The company took the time to wrap it like a gift and even add a lolly pop to the wrapping. That was a nice thought but I'd rather they put that effort into sending me the correct size AND making the shirt out of a quality material. It's junk! For this price I expected something nice. This shirt honestly looks like something you'd receive out of a cheap costume kit, you know the kind sold at discount stores around Halloween.  Don't waste your money like I did.I'll be returning this cheap costume shirt.
Purchased a size 6 last year for my then 1.5 year old and we just purchased a size 8 this year for our 2.5 year old. Fits as expected. Sturdy. Good for in and out of water. Excellent shoe. Thicker sole than other Salt Water shoes.
We bought this for Halloween for our little boy. It held up well for a long day of Halloween festivities. He wears 12 month clothes and it fit him fine over long pants and a sweatshirt. The hat was small, though.
I never have to iron these scrub pants because the fabric doesn't hold a wrinkle very well.  The cargo pocket is perfect for my iPhone, even in its bulky otterbox case.  I first bought a purple pair of these and loved them so much I had to buy the black so I could wear them more often.  These are my favorite scrub pants.
I almost didn't get these because when I read the previous review and the others on endless i got a little scared and was like there's no way i am going to feel like messing around with some shoe just to be cute.I saw a video on 6pm .com (zappos has the same video) on how to "work" this shoe and decided to take a chance and buy them.The shoes are true to size no arch support and are very different as far as fastening them goes.I like them and I am glad i took a chance... I plan to wear them with a Maxi dress.
The color of the belt was not what was shown in the image online but it was a color I was okay with so no big issue. I actually prefer the color I got but this is definitely something to watch out for. The size was right (I order 1 size above pant waist size as suggested). Didn't have a smell as others reported.The biggest issue are the snaps. They are very weak, I can flip the belt open with one light tap. I'll probably just replace them myself (since I know someone that has the tool for the snaps) as opposed to the hassle of a return and taking a chance that the replacement doesn't have the same issue.  The snap issue is mentioned by others as well so it appears to be a crap shoot of whether you will get one with proper snaps or not.
This product is outstanding, very good quality, the graphics of the Bat is excellent. big kudos to the designer. Nice weight to it also...
This wig was great for my Halloween costume!  I was a bee hive to match my daughter's bee costume and my husband's bee keeper costume.  It does not look realistic so I wouldn't buy as a real wig.
The Copper insoles feel great in my shoes when I work out. I have low arches and these are much better than the custom orthotics I was using. Took no time at all to get used to them. I ordered the size 7.5 - 9 because I wear a size 9 shoe. I will order the next size up and trim them as these do not go all the way to the toe of my shoe. Wish the sizing was 9 - 9.5.
I have a pair of Natural color Bobs Doily I bought two years ago and I love them! But, as with any Bobs or Toms shoes I learned that you have to buy 1/2 size smaller. I wear an 8.5 so I had return and get a size 8.
I love these sneakers, I have several different pairs of them, I wear one or the other pair every day! No, need to break them in they come ready and comfortable to wear!
Looks like it is made out of paper....would not buy it again!  Spend the $10 toward something of better quality! :)  Would only be good for a costume...nothing else!
This it's a good costume very sexy and comfort its great the materials are promising becose the materials looks like chip ones but fits and look very well
Hubby loves it got it for his birthday, fits well looks great! Good price, I would  recommend it for a BB Heisenberg fan for sure.
its a bit shiny and looks metallic grey, the watch is awesome and its very likable, very great deal awesome
I'm a nurse and like most places in health care we are no longer permitted to wear the classic croc slip on due to holes in the top and lacking a closed back. This shoes are perfect, yes they do have some perforations on the side but it's a non issue. A little snug the first day wearing and I'd recommend wearing casually before wearing to actually work in if that's your plan. And get the green, draws lots of attention . lol. All in all, comfortable shoes, be sure to break them in first, by a size larger if you can (I have a more narrow foot and still fit fine on sides with larger size), hope this helps some people choose of on the edge of a decision.
I like ASICS- great shoe for the price. I normally wear a 9, ordered a 9.5 bc I always get workout shoes 1/2 size bigger, but my toe came right to the edge! No room for inserts.
It looks good on line and is seriously for someone who want to look good, but does not want to spend the money.  I bought it for a friend who says that he likes to wear watches but he always scatches the face and ruins them.  Who cares if he ruins this one?  It is cheap enough to get another!
I got this sooner that what the confirmation said. I love them they are original and classy. Love them and will continue buying more Tiffany sun glasses.
I have this watch in sort of a mid-green color, and I've beat it to death.  Runs like a top, does everything I need.  Plus, I'm a scuba diver and have had it at depths of up to 110 feet fairly often without problems.  It really IS water resistant.True, the watchband dies pretty quickly, but I found several places to buy a replacement for an average price of $12...one is a sports outlet with three initials in the name - the 18th letter of the alphabet, the 5th, and the ninth.  I've had mine for over a year and the battery's still going, but admittedly you probably do have to take it to a jeweler to have it replaced.Good luck!
This thing is really awful wear.  It sheds fur constantly, if you have any stubble at all it will get all over your face and tickle like crazy.  You can't see out if it, and you look out the mouth.  I put it on for pictures and then took it right back off.
These are so close to the real thing. It can fool some of the best. These are heavy and look as if they will keep satisfying me.
I am a young and active woman, but sometimes I find that I g["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;."]amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!
This necklace has such a nice price tag, it's hard to resist. I don't know much about pearls, except that now that I have some, I am hooked. After buying these I was very happy with them and decided to buy pearl earrings and a pearl bracelet. So I did some research and I kinda wished I had waited. When my earrings arrived, the quality difference was immediately noticeable. After looking at some of the markers of the quality of pearls (some of which I still don't fully understand like the nacre) I noticed that these pearls are slightly misshapen and have blemishes on them. However, I am still pleased with them overall as I can't really tell the difference unless I actually inspect and compare them to high quality pearls... and no one else has questioned their quality either!I am happy to wear them often because I know what I actually paid and I am not worried my son or the toddlers I nanny may ruin them. Wearing them often enhances whatever I am wearing and I can use them in many situations. For my wedding I will get something nicer, though, and I personally wouldn't get them as a gift for a really special occasion. This would do better as a small token of appreciation or jewelry you don't have to worry about damaging when wearing often.
I passed several the same bibs up because they only came in 3xl and final came across this pair in my size. Huge pair of bib overalls came in mail with xxxl stamped all over it and I could  actually fit 3 people inside.
This dress is beautiful. I bought it for a trip to St. Augustine, Fl. The seller is excellent and it was delivered quickly. I am very happy with the seller and the product.
This top is very sexy and you will receive many compliments when you wear it.  It runs true to size but is not quite as long as other Patty tops I have ordered but I absolutely love it and so does my husband.  I ordered it in red an black as well.
HE RECIBIDO LOS LENTES Y SON FABULOSOS. ME ENCANTAN.!! SON DE EXCELENTE CALIDAD. A MI ESPOSO LE FASCINO EL REGALO. LO RECOMIENDO 100%. DESDE VENEZUELA.
So far this garment bag seems to be durable and is exactly what I expected.  My husband drops it off at the dry cleaners with his shirts and they fit about 10 clean shirts inside.  I felt guilty about the plastic bags they normally use even though they supposedly recycle them.
I like to be prepared.  Therefore my purse contains just about everything I might possibly need.  I have spent years trying to find the "perfect bag".  I was convinced there was no such thing.  The handles would be too weak, not enough compartments, nowhere for a smartphone, keys would get lost in the bottom...I could go on.  I had almost lost hope.  Then I stumbled upon this bag on Amazon, and my search was over.  I thought I might need the small, because I carry so much stuff, but found that the extra-small holds everything just fine.It has a clip for my keys, an outer pocket that holds my smartphone, a strong, yet comfortable handle...I could go on.I realize, at least for me, this is a LOT to pay for a purse.  However, I have had it for almost a year now, I use it daily, and it still looks brand new.  The leather is high quality, which means if I must set it down in a restroom or some other toxic area, I can disinfect it with no adverse effects.  I truly believe this is the best purse in all creation!
For no particular reason I have always wanted a watch with blue hands and I have been looking at this brand for awhile now. The watch comes in very nice elaborate box which would usually come with a watch that is much more expensive that what paid for this one. The watch itself is beautiful and despite having a larger face it it not a very heavy watch but is sturdy. I don't have a very small watch and usually like my watches looser but this one is a bit to large for me out of the box so expect to have to get it re-sized. I also like the little second hand. Visually its more noticeable than a normal sweep second hand but its not as distracting as I thought it would be. I would definitely be willing to purchase another watch from this brand after seeing this one in person.
My daughter wanted these for her first DJ concert (*rave) and they fit her thin legs very well and were super cute.
Beautiful earrings, and they're the perfect size. I ordered 3 & 4 mm for my second and third ear piercings.I didn't realize they were piercing earrings, but that is my fault. I didn't read carefully.The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because they are REALLY, really hard to get off. I actually have yet to be able to remove them from my ears. I'm glad they're simple and go with anything.
I purchased the Item bcuz I am tired of buying these things individually and paying like $5-$12 bucks a peice for them. For one its a good price and you are saving yourself a lot of money in the long run too. Granted you may not use or need all of them its still nice to know you have more if needed. I got a total of 103 this contained 1 white (wish there were more) 1 orange one with smaller then normal balls on it 59 came in same color but all designs were diff (by this I mean assorted colors like 5 were blue but they all had diff designs and so on..) 14 duplicates (these were weird like the same color same design just one design is smaller then the other if that makes sense) 25 w/o same color and all diff designs. So overall still a good buy I dont know about them breaking yet I have had mine done for like 10yrs so at this point mines is just there I dont play with it and junk so mayb this is why they are breaking but again I do not know. Packaging was great it arrived on time I have just order 50 belly rings from the same seller. Happy with the purchase would do again!!
Very happy with this purchase. For the price you really can't beat it. The spinach koozie and pipe were a nice touch. Would definitely recommend to a friend.
where do i start i'm 6'2" about 235 i wear a 16/18 this costume is for a 22/24 The breast area was huge and im a 40DD this was the first time i ever stuffed my bra lol lol. the skirt was super long for my taste. The pic is spot on minus the boots i had my girlfriend take in the top part and sew the belt on. I advise ordering this in time for alterations not a last minute order would wear again after alterations &#9829;
I ordered this bracelet for my neighbor, she just loves it She wears it daily and still looks like new
I got this for my girlfriend for Christmas.  She liked it very much.  The pendent was the right size and a beautiful light blue.  I do wish the chain was a little longer though.
This is a great thermal midlayer that I've used for a variety of outdoor activities down to about -20 below and have found to perform superbly, even by Arcteryx standards.  The grid pattern gives good insulation at relatively low bulk, and the close fitting format of the garmet allows easy additional layering as needed.
I love these boots. I usually wear a size 7.5, but ordered an 8 based on other peoples reviews, and I'm glad I did because they fit perfect.  I only wear them with the regular socks, so they still may be to small for someone who wears a thicker wool sock.  I needed some sort of short boot to wear with skinny jeans that didn't have a heel and wasn't clunky looking, and I wanted something comfortable and warm because I live in upstate NY.  I have not worn them in snow yet, so I can't review them based on that aspect yet. They ["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.']k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece
My wife purchased these flip-flops for our trip to Italy. She said they are very comfortable, as most Clarks are, and very stylish. A must buy product.
I bought these for my daughter and she loves them.  great height and great price.  Easy to put on, looks good, and overall a good boot for the person who doesn't want to spend a lot of money.
rarely do I do a review but I had to since this is the exact item I am trying to replace.  I purchased a few sets of these and have been quite disappointed in them.  The metal springs/pieces that are a part of these break easily.  Almost all of them have popped out at least half a dozen times resulting in a sore thumb or finger.I would spend a bit more on a quality boot shaper/stay.
Was so pleased..its as pretty..as the photo online....would reccomend your site tofamily and friends!!Will keep your site bookmarmkedTY
i bought this piece in zales for much more money.. so here in amazon is a good deal... look super cute.. i love it
These are high quality great work pants, however the logo on the inside of the right thigh is in an odd spot.
In the beginning, I liked it, but its been almost 2 weeks, I am wearing them, but don't feel that great.  It helps my Planter in the left foot, but at right foot, it hurt at top of my second finger.  Not sure, if the whole placement is wrong.  Looks like the whole for the buckle is not in center, its towards up which make the buckle press on the finger.  Because of that, can't wear for walking more then 10 minutes.
ok shoe...couple of the treads on the bottom have ripped off already, within a 6 week timeframe
good value for money,high quality finishing,simple and elegant,in this price it has a nice expensive look,leather band is good quality,size is also reasonable,fits perfectly with wrist size,came in a nice package,would make a nice gift.
Got lots of compliments on this blouse, it  looks great paired with black slacks as pictured in the photo. It runs true to size, and has a slimming effect, especially on the arms. Very nice fit.
I purchased these shoes for the holidays.  I was so excited when I opened the box.  They were gorgeous.  Unfortunately they were too small.  I usually wear a size 9 and so I ordered a size 9. I would recommend going up a size.  I didn't bother reordering only because I don't think I could master walking in them but they are to die for!
Just because it's a &#34;boyfriend&#34; watch doesn't mean the band has to be that friggin long to fit a grown a** man. There are no pins to remove along the band where you could remove some links to make the band smaller. I have a smaller wrist so I wear it over my sweater sleeves... that's how big and ill fitting it is. It's a pretty watch that keeps good time, I just wish it was adjustable.
I bought the brown Ingalls Pecos boot from Macy's about 2 months ago and can wear these all day with no discomfort! I love the leather upper - it is very flexible and has conformed to my foot shape. I bought the 9.5B although I usually wear a size 9B or C/D.  I am 62 yrs old and have lower back problems but these are so comfortable they do not aggravate the back pain. Soles are soft and quiet while walking, absorbing shock very well. I read a previous review that said these were not leather - well, that is in error; they are definitely leather! There is a soft lining bonded to the leather so maybe that is why that person thought they were imitation. I love these boots!! Highly recommend!
I really like this shoe. I am a big fan of Asics 33 shoes in general. This is my 3rd pair. I would probably give this pair a 4.5 stars if I could, but 4 stars will have to suffice. I like everything about them, but the Asics Gel-Blur33 are my absolute favorite. The fit my neutral, narrow, and low arch foot just a bit better than the Gel-Lyte33. I am still keeping these, because they are great shoes though. I just have to cinch them a lot tighter that my Gel-Blur33 shoes. I think they would work best for someone with a neutral pronation, medium width, and medium arched foot.
The description may say one size fits most but this hat was giant! Not even with the velcro strap does it fit an average adult's head. Now I have to pay a ridiculous amout to return it. Not a happy customer....
Please! please! do not buy this one! it's complete waste of money! Do not deceived by its photo!! it is a completely different product! Cheap material! Very very poor quality! looks like somebody made this one for practice! just big junk of cheap plastic! I can not understand why Lucas Film allow this company to produce such a embarrassing product! All star wars fans! Please!! DO NOT BUY! even for one year old baby!
I got this watch for my boyfriend! LOVE the craftsmanship! You can really see all the gears working! However, it's true that once you take off the watch (like to go to sleep or shower, or whatever...) the watch will lose momentum and STOP working. SO you have to manually wind it up to the correct time. When you have the watch on, there's no problem. Your body is always in motion and keeps the gears rockin' and rollin'. It's annoying after a while to have to KEEP RESETTING the time, but it definitely looks really cool! Just something to watch out for :)
I used this when traveling in South America last May 2007. It was of good material, and it was never irritating wearing it. It does its job perfectly.
Fabulous looking shoe - terrible quality.  Within moments of wearing these, scuffs began to appear on the heal, the sides, the top.  The leather marks so easily that they already looked worn out the first day after wearing.  To make matters worse, the rubber sole began to unglue at the tip and proceeded to continue pulling back a good 2" by the end of the day - dangerous!  I bought them in black and haven't worn them yet but speaking specifically to the taupe leather, don't waste good money.  They are ruined after 1 use no matter how careful you are.
I am a restaurant kitchen manager and as such I am on my feet 10+ hours a day, 6 days a week ... and constantly moving very quickly. After breaking these bad boys in I have found them to be the most comfortable and supportive footwear available. They support my large build and keep me spry throughout the day.They are comfortable, slip resistant, and professional. Thus a great buy.
I really like these booties, I wish they were a little higher.  I didn't send them back because they are so cute and comfortable.  Fits true to size. I wear an 8 1/2 and I have a medium width foot.
I purchased this backpack for my 2 year old son to carry his own things (snacks, toys, diapers) on a flight. The bag is super cute (especially since my son loves Mickey/Goofy and we are going to Disney). I think the bag is the perfect size. We can fit his coloring books in there (along with quite a few other toys/books/snacks/diapers) but it is still small enough for him to carry. He is big for his age so smaller 2 year old would probably have a problem with the size. I love the pockets. The two side pockets were perfect for his sippy cup and his crayons. The pocket on the front is big enough for me to store a couple of diapers and wipes.
All my shoes/slippers are 8.5 W, e.g., Florsheims, 'Wally World', etc.  But,the Clark shoes marked 8.5W were way too long, at least an inch.  Fortunately my son-in-law was able to wear them so I didn't have to go thru the hassle of returning them.
I recently ordered this ring as a gift for my partner and she loved it! The moonstone has a very gorgeous blue sheen and excellent quality for the price!
These are great sandals.  They hug your feet just right for a no sock fit that does not pinch or tear at your skin.
True to size and snug fit but sure after broke in they will be great,  But I like them, For the price you cannot beat them, And were shipped real fast also editing this up to a five as they are comfortable an["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!"]elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!
Fire red 3sFire red 3s are sexy. Theres a lot of history behind of this shoe.First they are MJs Chicago Bulls kicks. They are comfortable and everyone loves their color way and they are a great valueI like the 3s because they are so  comfortable because of their three layers of cotton which makes it even better than Adidas because its more know and comfortable .The color way is really nice and the elephant texture is really attractive and it  goes with everything.The 3s are good shoes to start your collection or just to wear .The retail price of the 3s are $160 now if you really want to make more money you should sell them for $220 plus your earn $80 more bucks. You can get the 3s from kicksonfire,niketown,kick spot but i would recommend going to the releases in your nearest foot locker for the retail price.The 3s are a good pair of shoe of shoes.they're really fun to wear. although this product is for all people that like to wear Jordans,its mostly for teen or young adults also for toddlers. The fire red 3s are the easiest shoes to clean when they're dirty and they come every helpful when you try to resell them because there deadstock.
love these shoes, they always feel awesome no matter how far i am walking! i bought a half size up and they're perfect. (purchased 8, normally wear 7.5)
These sandals are light weight and look amazing on. The straps and material make for a comfortable wear. The straps are not long around the ankle for those with a slighter larger structure.  I'm 100% satisfied with this purchase and want another pair in a different color.
The shirt is pre-shrunk and kept its size after washing and drying.  It is true-to-size and fits great.  I am 6'1&#34;, 220 lbs. and the large fits excellent.  Highly recommend this shirt to show your American pride and let them know that you won't be tread on!
This product was accurately described and shippped promptly.  I bought it as a birthday present for my daughter (age 15) as she is always drawing on herself.  She has really enjoyed the paint.
I really like this for kicking around the house.  It isn't a dress you want to wear because you can definitely see through it.  GREAT PRICE, comfortable and will order again.  I put a little large but that is comfort, not a problem.
Exactly as pictured. It works great, and looks wonderful. Comes with an extra battery. I would definitely recommend this watch.
So, first off the service was really slow with the product. It took nearly a week for them to even ship the product from the company. To me, this was a bit ridiculous! If other companies can ship the next business day, then I think this one could too. That is the main reason for the lower rating. Anyways, these shorts are of good quality. I think they will last a long time. They are comfortable and lightweight. I didn't expect them to be as long as they are. It's isn't too long though, just a couple inches too long. The crystal is WAY over-rated. The thing is tiny, and no one will notice it unless they are within like three feet of it. For me, the shorts are a good product, but I seriously disliked the lack of speedy service.I wouldn't buy them again because of the service.
Very cute shirt but I had to return because runs very small.  Check for the next size up but needless to say that was it.  Disappointed!!
In just a few days I could speak with my boyfriend. I find myself understand Russian conversations and being able to keep track of whats going on, Im not fluent by any means but I have learned a lot in the short periord I have been studying. Love it and owuld recomend to anyone
got these on clearance... i was nervous because i don't buy shoes without being able to try them on.  but for the price i couldn't pass them up.  they are soooo comfortable.  and wide enough... i always wear a 10 but some brands run narrow for me (nike) but not so with these.  they are great!
The only issue with it - wrong item description regarding GoreTex membrane. Based on information on Merrell site, there are two different models of the Moab Mid Boot: one with GoreTex and one with Merrell own waterproof membrane. The model described here comes without GoreTex membrane despite the fact that item description contains it (Waterproof and breathable Gore-Tex membrane)
I love these hoops, I have been looking for the perfect pair for years and finally found them.  I am going to buy another pair just in case I lose one.
These stockings are delicate (probably only one use before they get a run) but just what they should be. The sizing is certainly not one size fits all plus however. I am generally a 1x and these were a little tight for me. I also wish they came in two different heights, because I am 5'4" and they are a little long for me (come up too high).
What a great deal. These are adorable and the range of colors is wonderful! Fits my 5 month old's head well. Would have been too big for her as a newborn... great stretchy material that doesn't leave marks on her head, and will fit her for years to come!
This item came exactly as pictured. I bought it as an anniversary present for my hubby. He loved it. Did one day shipping and it arrived on time with no problems.
Please, parents--listen to me and the other reviewers who rated this costume poorly. It is NOT worth the money! This outfit should be FIVE dollars, maybe! Not $25-$35. I am completely angered that a costume company would try to pass this off as a Halloween "costume." You could go to Walmart and find girls' nightgowns that have better craftsmanship, and are of higher-quality materials, than this flimsy thing. I, like other parents, bought this for my daughter only because she insisted she wanted to be Strawberry Shortcake for Halloween, nothing else. If I had known the very, VERY low quality this costume would be, I would have put my foot down. It is absolutely not worth the money! The dress is the thinnest material ever, and doesn't even have a hem sewn in. Unlike the dress, which runs small in size, the tights are definitely NOT "tight" and will be bunched around the ankles after 2 or 3 steps. The hat is relatively cute, but doesn't stay firmly on my daughter's head. This is a very, very disappointing costume. Please don't buy it--unless you find it at a yard sale for $3. That's about what it's worth.
They are yummy!  Warm, comfortable just like wearing a snuggly bedroom slipper.  Buy them and you will have happy warm feet.
I bought these because I love my Columbia hiking pants that I bought years ago and I thought they must make good products. Because women's clothing sizes are so stupid (Why can we just measure waist and inseam like the men?), I have to take chances whe["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece"]but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!
I just received my packet of charms and they are beautiful.  I will start another bracelet with them.  They are lovely.
With green being my favorite color I couldn't wait to get this ring! I've recently started wearing silver again and this beauty just made a permanent place on my finger!!  The deep, dark green is beautiful and the stones accenting it down the side just make it that much more beautiful.  The feel is great and the size of the stones are just big enough to not make it look like costume jewelry.
i ordered a new watch obviously got a used one with the box damaged from the outside and the DKNY box from the inside had a lot of scratchesas for the watch i also didn't like it at all it's very fragile
I have only used it once, but it worked as advertised.  You have to kind of maneuver the gloves from time to time to position it according to the instructions.  I am going to "road" test it next January when I go on my week long snowboard trip to Steamboat, CO.  I will update my review when I see how it holds up to traveling, multiple uses, and long drying times.
I have bought the same bra in the stores and they normally cost $29.00.  I purchased these for $15.50 each.  Why spend almost double for the exact same thing?!
nice watch, ever classy and the time could be read without a problem. Also the packaging was good nothing to complain
I received this as my Valentines gift this year and everyone thot it was real... I just went with it, lol. One coworkers said, I should get insurance on it, because if anything happened I would be so upset. I failed to mention to her that I only paid $40. It still looks nice and expensive. No tarnishing so far, diamonds all in tact, and shines like a thousand bucks! Definately recommend it.
my gf tried these on and they looked good on her. The price is kinda high but is well worth it
These are some fantastic pants as they are comfortable and actually have a little stretchy give to them. They look great with many styles of shirts and can be work casually and or camping. I would say that they are the most rugged like carharts (more on the stylish side) but great pants overall.
The product came in time and was not damaged.However, the product description was misleading.The description said they were made in Bangladesh.I specifically wanted Dockers that were made in Bangladesh, and the ones that came in were made in China.Dockers made in Bangladesh are made out of different material than those made in China.The product that came was made in China.  :(
I can pack my 17&#34; laptop, electronic gear, paper files and overnight clothes all into this bag. It will fit under an airplane seat or go into the overhead. It is a delight to own and use.
Great everyday earrings and a great for the money - my wife wears them at least once a week and asked for another pair in case one ever gets lost. She really likes the clutch-less backs but these are open loop earrings so the pin doesn't always line up perfectly when closing. Both pairs came a little bent but they straighten easily and I think they look better if the three loops are separated a little
I got this for my 3 yr old for Halloween because she wanted to be a "hot pink butterfly".  It arrived fairly quick, and so adorable!  I didn't see any unraveling on the wand as someone else had.  The quality seems to be very nicely made and durable, yet very light-weight, and the elastic straps are covered in a silky material....guess we'll see how it holds up for trick-or-treating!
Great quality, the color is as the one described. My girlfriend always uses size 7 and they fitted perfectly. She says they are prettycomfortable so she would recommend them to anyone.
A nice quality layer for those 40 degree morning runs.  I enjoy the semi-fitted feel which for me is a little more freeing.  I am 6'3", 205, 44L jacket.  I bought a large and it fits great.  My arms are a little long and the sleeves stretch nicely so the thumb holes can fit, however the sleeves don't seem to droop either if I don't want to use the thumb holes.
Purchased this for a near month long trip to Europe. The ability to unzip a light weight day pack was perfect for my purposes. I would unzip it on the plane to keep things I needed under my seat. Also, carried the day pack as we were touring. A little difficult to zip back together and the compartments could be configured a little better, but, all-in-all, it was exactly what I needed for the trip.
Comfortable to wear boxers, easy to wash and with nice colours. I wear them through the house with a T shirt and visitors think that they are normal shorts. Good value aswell and the shipment with Amazon was without any problems.
This was an awesome package!  It is of good quality and exactly what it advertised.  My son LOVED this!  Made for some really fun pictures, too.
I use this item daily. I'm a girl with a big butt so I can't wear this all day because it starts to pinch my lower back above my butt. But it will work great on someone with a flat butt.
Are you looking for present to you girlfriend, stop looking for it this cross body bag is the perfect gift.
I liked the lightweight and look of the shoe. Unfortunately, it runs extremely small. I am exchanging for a size larger.
Very soft. The cords on the pants are not very pronounced. They have a velvet like feel. Sizing is perfect. Very comfortable!
The ring was pretty good I think she really liked it. The color is darker than the one shown and not as vibrant or polished as the one pictured. However it still looks pretty good and she's overall happy with it. It shipped in a matter of 4-5 days and came in a nice little box to compliment it. My only complaint was that the size may have been misleading - this could've been a mistake on my part but the ring seemed to be a little bigger than ordered. But I don't know too much about rings so you can be the judge of that.
Solid, well made, no sharp edges.  I wish I had bought the longer ones, as these lengths (as indicated--- no surprises) are just slightly too short for me.  If this is the right size for you, I'd absolutely recommend.
My son wanted a different color pair of basketball socks and these fit the bill! Arrived on time. He wears them all the time! Very comfortable.
I'll make this quick. The fringe is not the fringe in the picture, the bottoms are see through and extremely tiny. I ignored all the other people who said do not buy this but do not ignore this. DO NOT BUY THIS SWIMSUIT! I'm saving you $20 and heartache when you get this and realize it is the biggest disappointment of your year.
This dress is an awesome value...and really dazzling on the stage. Fits perfects and was exactly what I had hoped for!
I really got what I was looking for when I ordered these plugs. I'm very happy with them. I would highly recommend them!
I like the style and how comfortable the watch is to wear. I can wear it while being active or on a casual night out. Get compliments about the watch too, not as if I needed any reassurance :)
I had this thing for about 2 months and one of the diamonds fell out. I could see after maybe a year of use, but just 2 months is pretty unreliable.
Wish they would put the weight (in oz.) of the flannel on such items. I like this but would have preferred the weight of Nautica's. These are not ALL that green, by the way. They sure are relaxing and quite cozy, and that's really what I wanted.
I'm a Georgia boot fan, but I wish these things were USA made. -They're Dominican made. It's still a quality boot. Ran into some issues during break-in regarding heel cup on one boot; it was digging into my ankle joint. After some rough break in (I hike/run/work in rain,snow,ice and whatever nature throws at my boots)the heel cup/stabilizer issue seemed to go away (thankfully. Returning things can be a hassle).These boots have trod over ice (with micro spikes), snow, mud, running water and the harshest conditions you can think of short of 100f+ hot desert. And performed well. My feet are particular regarding shoe c["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!"] pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.
Ive used these a few days now. I am a size 10.5 and bought size 11 to accommodate thicker socks in the cold. It is a tight squeeze to get into, probably to help keep moisture from getting in around the ankle.
absolutely beautiful watch. I have wanted this thing for years and finally built up the courage to buy it. everyone has covered all the in depth attributes of the watch but what i will add is that the band is pretty large (i do have a rather small wrist) and you will probably need a few links removed. i know this is common but what is not common are the pins used in the links. good luck
Do not buy these boots. They look cute but are so uncomfortable. There is no way anyone can wear these boots for a long period of time. Also you will have to order a full size larger then your regular size. Pass on these..
nice pair of shoes for the price. pretty comfortable. Could wear them for hours with out a problem. Can wear the shoes for almost any occasion. Happy with my purchase.
I just bought this watch and its very nice, modern and stylish perfect for casual wearing. I recommend it a 110%!!!
Loved the detail, but after a week the tail started bending and now acts like it will break of. Overall it is very flemsy and I wouldn't recommend it for long term wear, but only as a nice decoration. So not worth the price.
I ordered and 8.5 and you sent an 8. By the time it arrived it was too late for me to order another pair in time for the holiday. It shows the right size on the order page but didn't transfer the half size to the final statement.
Bought these for our son who is into wild socks.  The bit of sparkle on the S is subtle(so a guy can wear them and not be too self-conscious.)  The capes did need re-sewn but only after many wearings.  They overall wore out fairly quickly, but we are satisfied with the wear he got out of them-and he's hard on socks.Most importantly they look cool!
In Tucson, Arizona, it's hard to find a denim fanny pack big enough to hold my Glock BUG (backup gun), spare magazine, camera, wallet, keys, etc. so I was  skeptical. Surprise! The pack arrived days ahead of schedule and was just as advertised. It's large, well-made, roomy, has many compartments, and blends in well with blue jeans. BeltOutlet.com makes a mighty fine product!
The luggage is nice appearance to the eye. However when I used it, the handle is very cheaply made... it always feels as if it's about to come out of the luggage.  The luggage it's self appears to be a 6.5 on quality... but who wants to be physically carrying luggage through airport when traveling?  I was really disappointed with the quality of the handles.
This corset is just gorgeous! I bought this for my daughter and she loves it, it gives a beautiful shape to the wearer and she says it's very comfortable. I couldn't ask for more!
A great work boot.  I'm a plumber. It protects my feet. Comfortable. They look good and I can polish them to shine. Easy to put on. Slip and zip.
I received these tights within 2 weeks, they're not the same product as the picture.  The legging part was like fishnet patterned and the top of the thigh part is lace patterned.  Also, they rip really easily, my tights already had a hole in them when I opened it and a hole formed when I put it on for the first time.  Very unhappy with this product, don't waste your money on this.
that was ok, I needed  for another necklace.  get tons of compliments on it. fast shipment, great quality good value for money
The material is beautiful the shirt fits around the waist perfectly, the only thing I would say is if you want the shirt to hang off your shoulder go up a size.  I ordered a size medium (my normal size) and it barley hangs off the shoulder I have to give it a helping hand :).  Otherwise, it is a beauty.  I am 5'5 167 hopefully this is helpful to others.
I have owned several of these bras, so I knew what I was getting.  It fits well, gives me great support and a nice look.  The company shipped on time, the product was packaged well (not overpacked), and everything was perfect!
This is the greatest handbag. The size is perfect across your lap, not too large. The assorment of pockets is the best. Keep keys in one, phone in another, receipts in another etc. You don't have to go digging into the main compartment all the time. Inside pockets for pens as well.I would have liked a sturdier botton inside the main compartment. I made my own by cutting up a cardboard box and measuring the bottom and inserting it in therer. It worked fine. It's a suggestion to the Manufacturer/Kipling.Love the bag.
I am very happy with this ring I have had it about 9 months now and it is holding up Great. Cleans up great and it is true to size.
Too bad. These were made in this country, and I have used many over the years. But now they come from China. They are much too narrow for American feet. Maybe USA or Canada qwill restart production! Marshall Tharp
These shoes look amazing in the leather colorway, but they are very narrow, i've only had them for about 3 days now,but i would suggest sizing up when you order these.
True to size; back has four rows of hooks and the band was wide enough to hold the girls in during strenuous activity. The material is super comfortable while being firm enough for high impact exercises like running. This bra is the answer to every need a busty gal looking to get active has! I would buy it again and again and again! The colour is also sporty and does not look like a maternity bra (this happens a lot when the cup sizes are big). I didn't need to struggle into a racerback overhead tank-style bra that other sports brands might have because it hooks at the back like a regular bra. No uniboob issues; I'm tempted to just use this as a regular bra, it is that comfortable. 10 stars if I could!
This sandals are amazing! Ordered 10 and fit me great!,  I got them the same week i ordered, I'm still amazed by the seller. They also look and feel very cool. while the long cords at front make them adjustable for every leg width, the zipper in the back makes it faster to put on!. ONLY problem: the sole is velvety like, i still don't know why, but make them very SLIPPERY, so be cautious :/
this umbrella although better quality then other bubble umbrellas, it definitely is not the best out there  I think I could have definitely been a little cheaper
It's a X-mas gift for myself. It looks so pretty, but has a defect this time.anyway, it's a good gift to me.
This wallet is so convenient for travel. It holds all my cards and documents for my upcoming trip to Europe.
I love these boots. I wore these on a seven-day trip to the Kilimanjaro summit after a handful of day hikes. They've been worn on rocky and slippery surfaces. They have never given me any problems at all. I normally wear a US size 8 and bought the size 40. And they are light and comfortable enough to wear around town without feeling like bricks are on your feet. After doing a lot of research on boots, I am very happy I got these. These are well worth the money and highly recommended.
Do not buy jeans from Amazon. I just now got them after the return window. Only to learn that they are very bad fakes.Now I cannot even return them!Very thin material,There is even a repair that has been done.They are not shaped like real Levis or even like jeans for that matter.Made in Columbia.There is no link for me to leave feedback. Very convenient for hiding bad business practices.
it's a good multi-function watch. i tried all the functions following the instructions, all the functions work perfect.i am satisfied of this model of watch.
I wanted to replace my daughter's birthstone earrings,so naturally I went to Amazon. The earrings were so beautiful and she was surprised. THEY came right away on the day specified,so I could know when she received them. Just gorgeous,She was so pleased.I don't know how they can sell quality jewelry for so little.I'd ordered before,so I knew it wasn't too good to be true.I mean it kinda is....but it wasn't.
A very good buy -will surely recommend the Boo["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!"]r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.
These shoes arrived on time. However, they are defective. They smell bad. Sort of a rubbery odor. So strong the have to be placed outside. Tried to return them but the seller, Shoes 18 wants me to pay shipping back even though they are defective and not worn. Amazon offered me to pay shipping and be reimbursed. However, these shoes cost less than $20 so by the time we drive to the shipping place and do all the other packaging, and savings would be lost. Really bad service by Shoes 18, and frankly, Amazon. I was a bit surprised. Don't buy these unless you are willing to throw your money away.
I love this shirt.  My only question is based upon the comment, why does it say Vegetarian and not Vegan???
I liked this enough to send it as a gift and she loved it. I would gladly purchase something similar again.
I ordered this watch as a gift. I have a Timex watch very similar to this one and have had it for years. It is easy to read and comfortable to wear.
Great Watch. I purchased for first one of this style about 15 years ago and was very happy with its functionality and accuracy.  I recently had to retire it due to a failure in the stem that did not allow me to adjust the date although it continued to keep perfect time.I decided to purchase the same watch again and have been happy with the decision.  The cost was almost the same as 15 years ago which makes it a great value. It keeps perfect time, looks great, etc.  The only difficulty was having to take out two links in order to resize the band. This was a pain until I learned how to perform the function.  The pressure required to illuminate the dial is greater than the original watch which is the only current negative.
This is my worst watch ever. PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE STRESS AND SAVE YOUR MONEY. This watch started changing color day 2, not only changing the gold colour but even the stainless steel. Nice looking watch but such a waste of money, i cant even give it out as a gift cos it looks all scratched up now. SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY ON AN OTHERWISE GOOD LOOKING WATCH.
it arrived in great time and was exactly how its picture the chain that goes along with it is so short or tiny you can't even get it around a small child's waist etc... so it doesn't have a purpose whatsoever... but other then that it was good
The reason is a broken band anchor, as also mentioned in a previous review.  It happened while I was taking the watch off.  The plastic on the watch that holds the anchor pin broke away.  I don't think that the pressure I exerted that caused this was that extreme.  I believe that the quality of the plastic wasn't good enough for normal use.  I do not recommend it.
The watch is not what i expected... the brand have leather and the color of the leather is not ok...
It fits a lot of stuff and the suitcase itself is really light!  It is also a carryon size but if you expand it you can make it more of a check in bag.  The wheels are great as you can tilt the bag to roll on two wheels or keep it upright and roll in 4.  It has lots of compartments and is ideal for short-term travel (or long-term if you are a light packer!)
Beautifully hand painted, supple leather handbags, you are really missing out! This one has room for everything, yet is still a medium sized bag. This is truly the most beautiful bag I have ever owned and I have lots!
When I received it, it had a very stale smell to it. Haven't work it yet, but will be sure to wash it multiple times before i do.
Fit my whole leg and I'm 5'5 , they Can be worn as thigh high stockings! Love them! Sure to be. Hit at the festival
These socks are wonderfully soft and easy on the eyes. I get compliments whenever I wear them. I wear a size 10 in women and they accommodate me perfectly.
I ordered this set for my great grandson's third birthday.  Much to everyone's delight the Fedex truck rolled up to the curb just as the party was beginning and gave the birthday boy his package.  Everyone thought GGMa had special powers to make the delivery happen at just the right time when I live in Texas and they live in Florida.  It couldn't have happened if it had been planned!  The kids dressed in the costumes as soon as they could and sent me a picture.  Thanks AMazon!  You are AMazing!
The shirt is not what you expected, right sleeve seam failure present and the fabric is transparent and very weak, is seen after birth and that is uncomfortable, should improve the quality of their products
Very happy with it! The brooch was delivered on time and undamaged, and was lovely and well received. I plan on using this link more in he future. Thank you.Robert A. Maloney
This is by far the coolest Duck Dynasty shirt I have seen. The fabric is softer than most t-shirts. I would recommend this shirt to anyone who loves Duck Dynasty.
Battery simply died even before 1 year after the purchase. not sure whether it's been sitting on the shelf for too long...
Great boot.  I have worn them a lot.  They are better for a spring day then a snowy one.  Even with thick socks my feet get cold.  They are starting to look worn but they are holding up well.  I am very pleased.
My little man has been going none stop every since he got thee on his feet. Great product. I have no complaints. They stand the test of time. The strings are even durable. No fraying and my little one even walks and chews on them.- lol, Non- slip grip soles. He got so many compliments when he got these on!
I got the size 6. It fits well! I'm 5'5&#34;, 120 lbs, 32B. Very pretty dress! I got the coral (pink) dress.
One of the things that make these shoes so adorable are the "sparkles" on the toe of the shoe.  We've had these shoes only 1.5 months and already half of the sequins have fallen off of each shoe.  My 2 year old loves them but I'm quite disappointed.
cute shoe, ordered this in orange, great toe clevage and nice 2 1/2 inch heel.  not all women want want a 4 1/2 inch plus heel. with optional stripper pole.
This ring is beautiful.  The color is honey with yellow,orange, and gold sparkles.  I wear this everyday and have gotton many compliments.  I have ordered from Ian and Valerie before and have always been very satisfied, they have high quality amber.  Beautiful.
It looks like leather, wears well, and everyone wants to steal it.  I sometimes lose things in the bottom of the bag, but overall it's great!
it's lighted that other Adidas Sleeve, but it's smaller that  i spected.but it's pretty and make you feel cooler
I had looked for months to find a shoe that would make me happy. My feet are very sensitive so I require shoes with very soft/squishy soles! These shoes are perfect! The only problem I've found is its a little tight on my heel but I expect that will change over time as I &#34;break in&#34; the shoe. I love how it looks and overall how it fits. Plenty of toe room and very breathable.
I love this color with this scarf. The scarf is so soft and its a classic!
I love the color and fabric on this item. It fits well the only thing I have to say about size is that the bust is a little smaller than I imagined. However my fianc&eacute; loves it lol
I'm returning these as unwearable. On the bras I received, the straps were lined with a rough-edged, cutting material. I thought washing would help. It did soften the rest of the material but not the straps. Disappointed because they looked and fit great otherwise.
It had all 108 beads. Nice smell, and it is elastic. But I didn't get the one in the picture. I got one with a dharma wheel that only has 6 sides it should have 8. It's also green looking not brown. Defiantly got what i paid for. If you are a serious buddhist, go else where. Hands of Tibet sells amazing malas. If you are looking for just jewelry this is good enough.
Ordered these for my 6["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.']ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.
Not what i expected, you pay for what you get!! The quality is really bad and I was so disappointed in my purchase. Wanted to give it as gift but its a good thing I didn't, the person would throw it in the garbage.

This mask is a giant piece of flat rubbery s***, I have seen this mask Inside my store, one of my employees was carrying it for our 1:1 life-size predator store window display when I saw it and said," That thing is crap, don't use it on the statue, we can purchase a new mask." I immediately took the mask and threw it in a crap+scraps bin, this thing is not durable at all, It looks nothing like the picture.-Klownz 'R Us Official Klown Store.
Not leather even says upper is synthetic in shoe. Top of shoe is HUMONGOUS. I would have to one super fat foot to keep those suckers from flying off and hitting someone in the face across the room. I wear a size 10 and as such generally have no problem walking on one super high heel but these heels are awkward as luck!! They are not only loosey goosey buy they wobble and no weak ankles here baby. If you want to wind up taking someone's eye out or in the ER for the night with badly sprained ankles with matching broken wrist and tailbone, then these are for you!!!! Or maybe prince charming will catch your fall and you'll move into the castle and live happily ever after...
i had already gauged my ears when i was younger, and had to remove them for work.  when i originally did it it probably cost me over 120 bucks to get to 0g.  this kit is great and comes with everything needed at a super price.  shipping is super fast.  placed the order june 28, and got the kit on july 1 california to mass too.great experiance and will do business again.  do not hesitate to buy.
This is a super high platform wedge from Luichiny. Pretty good quality, fits pretty true to size since it does not come in half sizes I would and did order up. The front fits the top of the foot pretty well, not too big which happens quite often. The material is nice, micro suede and the design is pretty timeless. This is a very high platform so if you have never worn anything this height before then these are not the shoes to experiment with. If platforms are your thing you kind of can't go wrong with these, they will go with everything you wear this summer.
Lynyrd Skynyrd fans (like me) will appreciate the American imagery: the power and majesty of the American Eagle, the colors of the American Flag, and a band whose music is uniquely American, influenced by blues, country, rock, and (believe it or not) a bt of jazz here and there.
I received these Vibrams and they were not matching, they were two different style of shoes. I was not too happy about that and had to return them. I just went to the official Vibram website and paid the same price for what I paid here, othe shoes were matching this time.
My wife is usually a small. On stuff that runs snug she is a medium. This medium is pretty snug on her. She didn't want to switch to a large but it's close. Looks great on her and she wears it often.
This works well for me as it holds 8 different cards easily with each of them showing.  Plus it has a couple more pockets for the ones you don't need as much. I also like the two bill slots for smaller and larger bills.
Although my granddaughter (age 6) seemed uncomfortable with the wig since she already has long hair, I loved it and so did everyone else.  The wig set was absolutely the icing on the cake. Thanks ever so much that the set arrived on time.
I purchased this hat for a sweet 16 party my daughter was throwing (western theme). The quality for the price was very good; I was impressed with the designs on the hat. It has a good fit to it.
Received this purse in black on time and the purse is very good quality. I love the size, zippers and the studs are so cute. The only problem is that it has this awful chemical smell. I have been airing it out and even tried febreze but no luck. I haven't used the purse yet as I was hoping the smell would dissipate.  I am afraid I may have to return it as there is no way I can use it with it smelling so strong. I am disappointed as I love the look of this bag.
My daughter (18 yrs old) was looking for this type of earring the whole summer of 2008.  Of course we never thought of going on-line.  Well, I finally went on-line to look for the perfect Chanukah gift.  She loves them.  They are the perfect size and the perfect thickness.  Not to chunky.  She loves them.
I used this right after i gave birth to my son and two days after i had him i was back to my regular size! i truly believe this helped my skin go back to normal as well as my skin was stretched sooo much!
My husband gave me this for Christmas and I'm hoping it is because the dog looks like our Golden.  I really do like it.  The fabric is good quality and the service was excellent.  However, one size does not fit all.  There are some of us in the world who are petite so it hangs below my knees.
These shoes are a good buy, but cut small i got an 8.5 for that close fit necessary for dance but found them too uncomfortable and ended up dancing barefoot.  I kept them in hopes that they will give after a few rehearsals
My Godson absolutely loved this watch.  He's 28 and a petrolium engineer who doesn't ever ask for anything.  I bought the Ed Hardy watch, because it's popular with the younger people and it was a perfect gift for him.  The watch is masculine but not overwhelming on his arm. He wears it everyday. Well worth the money!
I think this is a beautiful necklace for the price.  It seems to be good quality and it just sparkles.  Love it!
I have had this watch for 2 weeks now.  Thank God for Amazons return policy.  The minute I put it on,  the wrist strap pulled my arm hair.  I was shocked to find that such a fine watch would pull your hair.  That was the only negative.  I didn't want to be bald on my wrist so... sent it back.
These socks are a short step away from as being utterly dull, with only faint ribbing peeking out from beneath a pantleg. But what they lack in style they make up for in comfort and durability. The price is right for a 3-pack and Prime eligibility makes it even better. Here's why I like them:- They don't tear easily- They have a snug fit throughout the entire sock- You can't feel the inside seam at the tip of your toes - it's almost non-existent anyway- The top part of the sock doesn't stretch out and become loose over time causing the sock to slowly creep down your leg throughout the day.- They are a deep black and the fabric doesn't seem to fade over timeThere's nothing like a new pair of socks, and I'm definitely going to hand these babies out for Christmas this year!
beautiful dress. Had to return it tho. I am normally a medium and did the measurements according to their chart. It was still too large.
Great watch with the pink and green Swarovski crystal accents.  The crystals give it some pizzazz.  It's heavier than a regular bracelet watch.
this watch looks and feels fantastic,i was really looking forward to it arriving in the mail.the main reason for my purchase was for the compass,well unfortunately the mechanism was 180 degrees out and unable to be rectified by calibrating.buttons were also temperamental, only activating the ingiglo when pulling the crown out.oh well,might try my luck once more.... or stick to Tissot t-touch.
I had several pairs of Birkenstock. LOVE THEM. They are so comfortable. Well worth the money:)  They fit great. I order a 2nd pair. These are my favorite.
I am partially to blame I guess, I thought it would be sturdier -- this purse is super cute with a cross body option.  I like the look of it, but this particular purchase would have definitely been more revealing in the store, because it's just not organizationally function.  Yes, there a bunch of pockets and two zippers in the middle (for the big stuff).  And I think there is such a thing as too many pockets (it's like, how many little stash pockets does one need on a purse?  Some of them are so small you can maybe f["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do."]["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member."]the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.
I have been using this for a few years now and it does wonders for my work boots. wipe it on and brush it off after it drys. I'm Engineer in the Navy and have to use it almost every day, but my boots look outstanding every morning for quarters. I like to apply it at night and brush my boots in the morning. (fast and easy)
Great price. Perfect fit. The one size fits all really does work. Take it from a plus size woman!  I ordered it to wear under a retro dress.  The dress came below my knees and the slip was perfect.
Yes, it's somewhat large, but I'm keeping it because I like the design and color so much I'll wear it anyway.
After looking and looking for riding boots I finally purchased the Anne Klein Wlin Le Boot.  I like the slight heal and the soft sole (especially in the winter with slippery steps and sidewalks), the only &#34;bad&#34; thing about the boots is that the upper is not all leather.  This was not discernable to me in looking at the description or the picture, but there are &#34;panels&#34; int he back of the boot that are made from a synthetic stretchy material.  Initially I was going to return the boots but they are so comfortable, fit well around the calf (so many of the others are way too wide in the calf area), and look nice with my clothes, that I decided to keep them.  I'm glad I did!
The bag is a great concept but the zippers contain clips which give you something to hold onto when opening and closing the zipper. Those clips did not last me 10 uses before they busted off. The seller did offer to refund but I use the bag 3 times per week at least so that still does not fix my problem. They did not offer to replace as they were sold out of these.All other portions of the bag meet/exceed expectations so I will find something else to link to the zippers and press on.
While on vacation, my wife and I bought a pair of these down in Chinatown from a guy who said they were "authentic Google Glasses". He had a whole card table full of cell phone chargers, cables and other stuff, so I figured he was legit and though the lenses did seem sorta big, I assumed that's how they were since Google Glasses are supposed to be like an iPad you wear on your face, right? At first he said we could pay for them via credit card, but when he ran my Visa through his "Google Credit Scanner" (in retrospect nothing but an old manual carbon copy slider with a calculator on it) he said it wasn't working and made me pay in cash (Red Flag #1). I should have been even more suspicious when the darn things didn't even work once I put them on, but the guy said it was because they were "solar-powered" and would "take awhile to fully charge" (Red Flag #2). I walked around town wearing them for a good 3 hours trying to charge `em up, but the only thing it produced was a lot of crazy looks from people on the street. Long story short, I was ripped off!! I for one want to make sure this never happens to anyone ever again, so listen up folks. My Google News Alert is that if you see anyone selling these fakes downtown, hang on to your Google Wallet! Don't Gchat with them about their crummy merchandise and instead use Google Maps to get directions as far away from these shysters as possible!
This is excellent the delivery date given was for Mid Jan I received it A WEEK after ordering which in my books is fantastic the jewelry is of great quality. Great store to buy from dont let that it is based in china bother you at all.Thank you my wife will love it.
This is a very nice well made sandal.  The sizing of the foot print is correct, however bungee tension system was useless as I could not get my foot into the sandal.  The inner non-adjustable top of foot webbing is too tight and not adjustable.  l returned them and got a larger size.  Still had the same problem, like putting my foot in a vise.
My husband tryed these on and he just was not comfortable in them so had to return them.Will order the munsingwear again.
Size is not accurate ,the size 7 is equivalent of a Teva size 4 !!!! Very disappointed with the sandal....
I placed an actual phone call to Amazon because although the box said 9.5, the shoe inside was an 8.5 and clearly there was no way that shoe fit me.  I was on hold for quite some time and was under the impression I would be receiving a replacement pair but apparently no, I just returned the shoe I wanted and was refunded and the item was NOT replaced!I understand that Amazon's stock was out of my size, but they should work it out with another store that sells through them to properly fix the customer's order. Incredibly disappointed with Amazon's service on this issue.
I was looking for a nice emerald ring in sterling silver and found this little guy. Very pretty and dainty; classy looking. Great price, too!
I'm 5' 10 1/2&#34; tall and the sleeves are down to my finger knuckles.  Other than that it fits well--nice waistline--covers my butt, too.  BIG lined hood, jacket is very soft.  SEEMS LIKE IT SHOULD BE LISTED AS TALL, NOT MISSES.  Not for shorter women.
We took our daughter's 3 month pictures (with a Valentine's Day theme) in this outfit.  When it arrived I was very happy, and promptly put it on her to make sure it fit, which it did.  however, when I took it off just moments later, her hands and face were bright pink from the dye in the outfit.  I washed the outfit by itself in cold water 3 times, and still when she wore it the outfit on photo day, her face and hands were still bright red.  It's a shame that such cheap dyes were used, because the outfit was very cute.Also, the red bled into the white embellishments on the shirt.
Since there are relatively few reviews on waders generally or this brand/model in particular, I'll chime in early and hope to update this later. OK, I've only tried these on at home, no wading experience yet as it is dead of winter where I am at. I'm getting ready for some wading this spring (say, June!). A couple observations from research and then about these waders in particular:Shop around, you might find a lower price. (I got my pair for less than forty-two bucks delivered.) Be aware that as of today, on Amazon there is one vendor selling these at a similar lower price but for some reason each size boot is a separate listing page (unlike the page where I am writing this review, which currently offers several sizes, but at higher prices).Also note there are 2 styles or models of this boot...one with a felt sole and one with a rubber cleated sole. I ordered the rubber cleat sole. Felt is apparently good for a grip on slippery rocks, while cleats are better in mud (and I'm guessing the cleat sole is more durable). It's not always clear (to me) from vendor listings who is selling which kind but if you are in doubt ask the vendor.I bought size 9 as I wear size 9 (also I have a slightly wide foot) and found these a near-perfect fit, very slightly loose with cotton socks on (other online reviews report some brands' wading boots run smaller than stated size). With wool or thicker socks they should be a great fit. I have somewhat thick thighs and calves, and had no trouble at all getting into these boots, nor getting them off (again, some brands are apparently too restrictive in the calf, say reviewers). I have somewhat shorter legs (I'm 5' 9") but these only bunch up a little on me in the thigh, no problem. The quality seems very good, nothing sloppy about the construction, and they came in a plastic bag inside the factory box, so well packaged. 2 small negatives: There seems to be very little arch support, I wouldn't hike Mt. Rainier in these things, but they aren't bad. Could try a gel insert perhaps. Also there is a noticeable rubber smell as they come out of the factory box but hey, they're made out of rubber and I'm sure it'll diminish. There is another brand of wader out there which reviewers say smells like ["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it."]en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!
You generally can't go wrong with Danskin. I priced these crop pants on a dozen different sites and amazon.com's price (and fast shipping) just could not be matched. Are true to size (a small is a small, not a "medium-small") and solidly colored (don't you hate it when you order a solid color of something and the color is a little faded, as if it's already been washed a dozen times?), hits slightly below the natural waist, and are as comfortable and soft as a pair of pajamas. Also has enough "style" to be worn as actual pants, not just as workout gear.
Socks were thinner than expected and not enough cushion on the bottom.  Have worn other brands that offer better quality at less cost
Material had no structure, and had no support. Gave no shape or contour. Would have been ok if it were a regular bra with sheer cups, but the entire construction is cheap.
I've used this belt almost daily for about six months now, with no problems at all.  In fact, I'm impressed with the quality vs. cost.  I expected it to start falling apart like some other reviewers mentioned.  I use this belt in dress pants, most from land's end, and find that it is sometimes a little tight in the belt loops.  Other than that, it's a winner.
The cheapest boots I've ever owned! Wore out in no time flat. I used to buy Hi-Tec shoes all the time will never buy them again, To poorly made.
Best sunglasses I've ever had. I read on my deck & these are the absolute best sunglasses I've ever had for reading in the sun & they look awesome. I've had so many compliments & now my friends have them too. They are easy to wear, light on the face & just the right amount of bling.Get them, they go with everything. You don't even notice the bifocal line at all. Incredible "in" fashion look!
it's hard to see the detail of the purse but when i took a chance and purchased it, i think it was the best thing i ever did! we all know how women love handbags. this bag is simple and not dramatic but SO functional & cool at the same time - highly recommended. the patchwork is awesome; subtle but w/much more detail than you can see in this photo. the strap is long but adjustable. there are plenty of pockets and pouches and if you always lose your phone like i do, you'll love the flap pocket on the outside. buy it! it's worth it and 10x more!
I love the baby banz I got for my baby so I'm thrilled they have this case to protect them!  The case is nice and hard so you can toss it into your diaper bag and not worry about the glasses getting smushed.  A must have for your baby's sunglasses!
My husband wanted this bag for his camera, spare batteries, and lenses because he fancies himself a photographer now and it's just so cute. Store-bought camera bags cost an arm and a leg, so we came to Amazon looking for a cheaper solution. And here it is! The bag itself is just right for his camera supplies, thick enough to protect them when he's walking around but not so thick that he can't squeeze more junk in there.- The brown has a green undertone; it's not as richly brown as it looks in the photos here, but it's pretty close and not toooooo &#34;army&#34; looking.- The strap to secure the top flag takes some practice to undo and redo quickly. If a UFO flies by, my husband will not get his camera out in time, that's for sure. Minor hacking to turn that into a more modern closure might be in order.- The carrying strap is a bit on the short side crossbody for a 6'1&#34;-tall dude but just right for a 5'2&#34; me. If you're much over 6'1&#34;, you're probably going to need a longer strap if you're wearing it crossbody.- The pockets on the front are secured only with cheap velcro and are therefore untrustworthy. We'll have to add something there.- It had no odd smell like some canvas items do.For $8 and a little bit of hacking, this thing is a very good deal.
These pair of jeans came exactly what is pictured. I think there better! Im 5'8 and these jeans have a flare like bottom but they fit perfect! Ive always needed abit bigger size for WallFlower, it may be there brand im usually in a size 14, 15 and i needed 17 but thats bc i think how they fit. They are amazing fit. they show off most of what im looking for! Very Pleased!
Wish I bought this a few years ago.  Makes taking off my boots so much easier!!Good quality. Bought one for my friend for Christmas.
I got this for my grandson.  They live in Nebraska  It has worked out well and he stays good and warm
I have previously owned 5 pairs of Saucony Running Shoes; they have fit me better, and felt better than any other brand until now.The fit is still good, however it is like standing concrete.  There is no cushioning at all. Rather than loose $10.00 returning them, I may just buy another insole with some cushion to it.
The scarf is great to wear with anything, the ciolors are muted and delicate. The only problem might be the VERY large size
There are no directions and I could not open that back of my watch to replace the battery.  I do not have a screw on back nor it the watch rounded.
Wonderful basic top, great neckline and beautiful material. Another good one from Splendid. More color options would be great! Thanks!
It was like paste jewelry or fake.  Not worth the price.Would not buy it next time. Not what I was expecting.
This is one of my favorite modern watches.  Unfortunately, I don't wear or wind this watch every day so I can't comment on it's ability to keep perfect time.  But it's a nice looking watch, not too out there but not too conservative.  I like the black face/background.  The size won't overwhelm small wrists and it's not super thick, either.  I'm right handed and always wear watches on my right wrist, so they see a lot of action.  I have yet to put a scratch or a nick in the edge of the the crystal.  I really like the matte casing; nothing to chip here and it masks scratches.  My watch still looks new.  If you like automatic watches, this is a good choice for an every day watch.  Personally, I'm a fan of the 70s quartz Seiko; this is pretty much the only modern watch I'll wear.
Not the "Champion" quality I expected.  They are lightweight.  I didn't expect thick, heavy pants, but these are a bit too thin.  I have one significant objection: the pockets are a joke, and must have been designed for a baby.  The pockets are far, far too shallow, and things like keys and coins fall out very easily.
I wore these to an outdoor summer wedding and had no issues. Very comfortable and stylish. No too fancy so that I can wear them to work also.
bought these for my 7 year old grand-daughter and she just loves them, she wears them every day. They are true to size.
The boots were pretty but I had to return them, i read the reviews so I tought they're gonna fit me, but they didn't, because this boots had a pre fabricated form of the leg in the back side, they looked terrible in my skinny legs, so If you want this botos make sure you ar&eacute; going to fill them absolutley, cus if you dont, this ar&eacute; not the kind of botos you can wear even if they are a little bit wide
These are nice earrings, my only complaint is that they are a bit heavy so I can't wear them all day.  However they are very pretty and worth the money.
I just ordered this on the 16th & received it today shipping was fast. It's just like the picture really pretty my only problem is the bar was crooked. Really easy to fix though I just bent it back to place myself & it looks like that problem never even existed. I haven't worn it yet so I don't know exactly how long it'l["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!"]t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.
This night shirt is wonderful.It is colorful , bright and so soft to wear.The shirt is a little big for me though.Hence, the four stars.If you are looking for some cute PJ's, these will do just fine.Nice product, I can recommend this shirt whole heartedly.They show the Xmas one on my review,I actually got the pink and red hearts one.
I love having New Balance shoes with velcro closings.  The older I get, the easier it is to put on these shoes.
I got these yesterday and wore them to work today!  They were perfectly comfortable and oh so cute!  The patent leather and suede are a beautiful contrast and the taupe is a lovely creamy taupe.  I love them and will wear them a lot!  They ran true to size.
I just got this ring today! and i love it!the stone is beautiful and the band is just as beautiful.. very elegant.
The bag was really great and fits all my stuff includeing my helmet. It holds four bats really well but i only have one and it didnt really hold it that great. I just had to safty pin the buckle to make a smaller loop that would keep the bat in tight. The water bottle holder on the inside of the bag seems small but the extra bat side pocket works fine.
Returned them--pinched my heal and had a nauseating toxic smell--I should have listened to the other reviews I read on amazon
Exactly as described, arrived when said they would. Fits my 1 month old daughter perfect and my 7 year old daughter! Cannot wait to order other styles!
I didnt expect these sandals to be so GOOD! First of all, they look much nicer than the picture, with the cute sparkly decorations giving them more pazzaz.. I need to be on my feet for my job for hours and hours and with these on, I feel like I'm wearing sneakers while I'm still super fashionable!True to size, lightweight and VERY comfortable.....
For the price this is a good watch. It does not compare however to a high end watch in any way, don't let that inflated MSRP price tag fool you.  I own a Tag Heuer link automatic chronograph and this watch is no comparison at all.  I'll give it 4 stars because compared to other $75.00 watches it's very nice. The bezel turns way to easy which is typically an indicator of a cheaper watch.  It's annoying to fix it all the time.  The crystal got a very small chip in it within a week of wearing it, but it's so small you can't see it unless it's about 3 inches away from your eye.  The band is very nice and the watch has a nice feel and looks great.  I recommend it to anyone looking for a watch in this price range.  Just keep in mind that although this has a $595.00 or so MSPR it is in no way a watch of that quality.  It is however well worth the $75.00.
This shoe do not have enough of cushion or support. Nothing like other New Balance that I wear. Needed to try first.
Well, Marjorie's husband here:  I asked for 2 pr of these socks for Christmas and Santa delivered!  I've been wearing them a lot since and love them - we've had some -30 F weather and these have been working well.  I really like the thick yarn, harder finish, feel and bulk of these socks compared to all the new soft fluffy "smart" products that just haven't done for me as they compress too easily.  Its getting harder and harder to find these REAL thick winter boot socks so glad Santa came thru.  Only gave 4 stars 'cause I haven't had them long enough to know about durability but I hope they hold up well.  If these Wigwams hold up well I'll be back for more before winter is over. Edit 4-2-13.  I have worn these socks HARD since receiving them and they are holding up well over a year later. Wear then in hip boots, rubber knee boots, several pairs of heavy winter boots, even my nicer shoes on really cold days.  I upped the rating to 5 stars as I still haven't worn them out yet I wear them instead of slippers a lot as well as working in cold outdoors. They breath well and dry quickly. I may order a couple more pair - very pleased with the durability. They don't feel slimy after a long day like some fleece socks do.
I bought this flat after purchasing the same style in black a month earlier.  I wanted to inject a little color into my footwear wardrobe since my plantar fasciitis has put a huge damper on my style.Pros:You can't tell this is not leather and it doesn't look cheap at allVery cute design and it goes with casual or professional attire just fineInsole is removable and washableCons:Although these are really comfortable to wear, I found that I can't wear these for long periods of being on my feet like I can with the Orthaheel tide or other sandals.  My heel pain starts flaring and I have to sit down (or put on my other Orthaheel shoes).  What's even odder is that the black pair I originally bought doesn't have this same affect.  I can stand and walk in them all day.  Perhaps there's a production issue where some of them aren't getting the same fit?  Anyway I found this to be true for the Sophia flat that I also purchased.  So I have one pair that I can wear all day, two other pair that I can only wear for short periods of time if I'm going to be on my feet for a while.  Bummer.
I bought 4 watches,but only 3 work well.I have already leave USA,and I don't know what to do.
Very light and convenient.Looking forward to test it in the next winter season.Item arrived on time and as described.
I am reallyhappy with this product! It's large enough to fit an adult head but is adjustable. The material is very nice and sturdy. Great price!
I owned this watch for probably 8 years.  This summer I left it on the bumper of my trunk after riding dirt bikes and lost it!  I loved this watch, used the digital compass often while hunting. I wore this watch riding and racing dirt bikes also.  Indiglo feature worked great.  I believe I had 3 bands on it over the years.  I like a rubber style band for this type of watch but could never find one that if it fit looked right.  The only complain I have is its a little hard on the battery.  Seems I changed it out about once every 18 months.  Now I have to decide do I buy this one again or the newer model expedition T49612.  Still havent decided.
These PJs are cute, and I love the 100% cotton.  HOWEVER, they are super skinny.  My skinny 8 year old could barely squeeze his arms into the sleeves.  I have to return them.  This is a good example of the ridiculous rule that cotton PJs have to be skin tight so that children won't ignite.  Somebody please make cotton pajamas that fit comfortably.
The look and feel is very similar to my Patagonia jacket.  I ordered an XS and it fits great, I believe it is pretty true to size.  I wouldn't say that this is the warmest jacket, I am definitely going to wear another jacket underneath if I am going to go skiing or to the snow. Great purchase!
Good fabric, strange proportions. I'm 5'6" and 135lbs, pants size 30x30. The small fits, kind of. Waist size is good, but the distance from waist to crotch is huge. Unless you have some unpronounceable disease of the testicles, it's really too much. They wo["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection."]o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...
Well, if you are looking for a classic sunglasses, this is the one. It comes with the original grey box, the cleaner millet, the instruction folders, and the "like leather" light brown box. Besides, the seller is great: fast and honest.
I was so excited when this gown arrived!!!  I loved the pictures of it online and it is just as great in person.  The fabric is very soft and the size is adjustable.  I am so excited to be able to wear this during labor instead of the ugly hospital gowns.
It's what I needed, worked just fine, just as described.  Bright color, size is exactly as the listing said.  Arrived quickly.
These shoes are really comfortable, but I would agree with the other reviewer that says these shoes run a little bit wide.  The heel feels weirdly narrow in relation to the size of the body--it took a minute to adjust to walking on it--but not really that big a deal.  Love the red color and the look.
It's hard finding vegan shoes that I like. This was the closest match to what I was looking for. I'm very happy with the quality and comfort. I've received a couple of compliments on the style which is funny since I don't totally like the style myself, but it gave me confidence and makes me think that I don't have a good sense of style :-)
I LOVE these shoes!  They are everything I look for in a good shoe.  They have great traction (mostly for trail or loose rock), are rugged, pretty easy to clean, and my wife won't been seen in public with me if I am wearing them.They are the same color orange as the traffic barrels that line the highways.  I assume this is so that I can be easily spotted in a crowd (or they will be the only thing visible of my feet are sticking out of a rock slide that has come down on top of me).  The tread is not deep, but it is flexible, thick like a running shoe.  The sole is very supportive (but I also don't have wide feet, high arches, or flat feet).  The toes are a little snug, but I like that in a shoe when I'm hiking... If these are for casual wear, go half a size bigger.  The tongue is made of a weird foam, but it is also durable and functional (as it flexes with my ankle and doesn't rub or irritate my skin).Overall, I'm pleased.  I wear these almost daily.  Great for great for casual wear or hiking, this is a very versatile shoe for cool to warm weather wearing.  I think there are better shoes for cold weather (particularly snow and ice), but for 3 of the 4 seasons, these are great.I get so many compliments on these shoes...
Except for summertime golf, I now wear Crocs (and only Crocs) everyday of the year.  Happy and retired in Arkansas.
I purchased this ring during the summer jewelry clearance event at a steal of a price. It is a beautiful ring, with an antiqued finish. It feels heavy in my hand, and has a nice gothic boho look to it.
I purchased these for my wife. They are BEATIFUL, and she loved them! They match the necklace wonderfully! Oder them!
I traveled with this overseas for 2 weeks and was very disappointed in the construction. 90% of the time the retractable handle would not extend. The handle would get stuck when I was trying to extend it to pull the bag, pulling with the handle partially extended is very uncomfortable. The part that was getting stuck was down inside the handle storage shaft and not easy to reach or free. I found the bag also tipped over frequently, it does not seem to be constructed to be balanced when packed. The bag was never overpacked or loaded with unusually heavy items but I found I had to lean it against a wall or my leg most of the time to keep it tipping over.
I usually pick these up in my local Walmart, but they are not carrying them at this time.  They definitely are my favorite panties. They fit very comfortable and when I put on my pants, the pants slide on smoothly. I CANNOT stand to wear all cotton underwear, as they pull when I put on my slacks or pants.  The only thing I don't like about ordering these on-line is that I cannot select the colors that I want.
First, I should say that I got these for yoga rather than volleyball.I sized up to a medium after reading some of the reviews, but I probably could have went with my regular size small.  These aren't bad - they just come up really high on me (above my belly button) and I would prefer something that did have such a high rise.  I'm sure the bigger size didn't help either.  Otherwise they are fine for use in yoga, especially styles like Bikram that do not involve downward dogs and vinyasas (they do ride up a bit, but again, that is probably a sizing issue).  I like the length but I would want to buy a low-rise version of these shorts.
Also bought this for my son who is into military things. He put it right on. Gives him a  feeling of pride to be an american
I took mine on a trip to Europe, wearing them for more than 10 hours a day and at one time running in them for 20 minutes in order to catch a train.  At night, taking them off felt strange because during the day they had become like a second skin, or an improved pair of feet.  With my arch problems I had never had an experience like this.  I bought an extra pair.
I usually wear a 7.5 or 8.  My general rule is 7.5 for flats, 8 for heels.  Yielding to another reviewer's advice, I ordered a 7.  My main concern when ordering these was that the top canvas-like material would be too loose.  To my surprise, the 7 fit my foot and the material at the top was actually almost too tight (and my ankles are fairly thin).  Unfortunately, just because it zips doesn't mean it's the right size.  The length was too short, which shifted my weight to the balls of my feet and was uncomfortable. I ordered a 7.5 afterward to see if the length was better on that.  It is.  However, the top canvas part IS too loose on the 7.5.  I am returning the 7 and hoping I can make the 7.5 tighter with a little bit of sewing.  I would say definitely don't order an entire size down, but probably half a size.Notes about the style: I ordered the tan multi and the blue is much more vibrant than displayed.  It's not a sky blue like it appears in the photo.  The shoes themselves are a much lighter weight than I expected.  The front of the sole is a velvet-like material which I don't understand at all because it makes your feet slip on tile, wood, etc. floors, but I am sure it will wear off after outdoor use.  Overall, I'm pretty happy with the purchase.
It's a lot larger than I expected it to be, and heavy.  BUT I love it.  I love the stainless steel contrast on the band.  The best part is that each of those stainless steel pieces opens like a clip, so you do not need a special tool to remove links to size it.
I bought this piece of luggage after reading reviews of angry Frontier Airline flyers. Apparently, Frontier has carry on baggage fees of $25 to $100! Frontier makes the call at the gate for unchecked luggage, and the fees were all over the map. If your bag does not fit their required dimensions, be prepared to pay a fee at the gate, they only accept plastic, no cash. Thankfully, this bag (un expanded) easily fit into their baggage measurement device at the gate and I avoided these outrageous fees. I was fine on the six flights I have so far taken since I purchased the Maxlite 2 20", I have had no issues with surprise fees. Oh, it does fit in the overhead of the smaller Embar commuter planes that Front["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)..."]l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you're doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don't make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I'm an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn't care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn't feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn't find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I'd guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.
I was looking for a chain by Konov and found that if I bought this pendent for about the same price as the chain alone, I'd get this pendant.  The design has shown signs of wear after about a week of continued use but the mat finish has shown no signs of wear.  The chain is very sturdy and light.  Highly recommend the chain if you are looking for a nice steel chain with a little flash.  The pendant is ok, and I think its just because I don't htink I could pull the look off very well.  The screw top is sturdy and solid and should cause no concern for the falling off if tightened appropriately.Probably better suited for someone other than me.
I love this costume! My baby girl looks so cute in it! She has a pretty big head and the head piece is a little tight under the chin, but that would be my only small issue. Its adorable!
Great boots.  I have worn them everyday for the past 2 months & they only get better.  Size down 1.5.
its not bad, but it looks a lot better on the item description online. The chain looks really flimsy and feels that way as well. The heart also feels a little like plastic. Other than that i dont think there is anything wrong.
The weight of this takes some getting used to - I'm very glad I didn't invest big bucks in an actual sterling silver Pandora bracelet! I probably won't wear this that often, because it's difficult to put it on myself with the clasp (too small) & the weight.  But it is quite attractive & seems to be be finished nicely.
This bag is great. Has tons of pockets, and we use it or school, soccer and travel!  My little guy loves it, and even thinking of buying an extra one for my husband!
I love the shoes but they run big.  I normally wear a 10.5 - 11 US.  I ordered 10.5 and they are too big for my feet.  I returned them and reordered size 10.  Can't wait to get them as they are very nice shoes.
This is a sturdy flat I got to replace an older pair.  It dresses up nice (for going out or for work), and looks good with jeans.  Even while breaking it in, I haven't had an issue with blisters or with the heel digging in.
my sons first birthday is around the corner and it is Dr. Seuss themed. So I got a hat for my husband, son and myself to wear. I have a small head so I orederd the child size for myself the adult one for my husband and the toddler one for my son. They all fit perfectly!! I can't wait to wear them at his party!! This is an awesome product!!
The bag is very good. Well constructed, see,s like it will last a long time. Only complaint is it is advertised with cedar yet ther eis no hint of any cedar smell at all.
I should review underwear? OK, it fits, feels good and holds in everything as it should. What else can you expect? Been a Jockey man forever.
It's high polished silver, I use it for Holy Water, but I guess perfume would work.  Not sure how to get parfume in the small opening though.  But it looks like it's a completely designer designed silver piece.  I put it on a long chain in sterling and layer with other icons I wear.  This is heirloom quality, I'm very happy.  Shipping was fast and it was packages well.
This is Way Bigger than I expected!  I didn't check the measurements but certainly didn't expect something quite this big.  I bought it to use for a crochet tote and I love it!  It holds all the yarn I need for an afghan or rug PLUS the item I'm making with room to spare. and there are pockets for hooks and scissors and misc items.  I am so glad I made this purchase and this bag is so cute I get tons of compliments on it no matter where it goes.
Love the Nine West quality! Loved the design and style so I placed in my cart. Two days later a friend at the office came in with the very same exact bag in a deep olive green color and right then and there I knew I had to HAVE this bag.  Luckily when I was ready to place my order I got it at half the original price which was an even greater bonus!! Whoop! Whoop! Delivery was on schedule and I absolutely love this bag now that I have my own.  Measures about 14 x 10 x 5 and holds all my everyday essentials and is great for a trip to the mall.  The only thing missing is the detachable logo hangtag which my co-worker has on her bag and I've also seen on other sites. (Any chance I can get one for my new handbag Amazon.com?)  But quality, style, design, feel of fabric is EXCELLENT! Love it and thank you Amazon.com
I had my jewelry in multiple jewelry boxes and little gift boxes and could never find what I wanted to wear.  This set and a couple additions solved the problem and meets my needs in an attractive way.
I bought these shoes for my daughter.  For the price, they are great, but they don't stay on well.  They are made out of a vinyl-like material, and they are not flexible at all.  They would only be good for a pre-walker b/c of this.  Basically, they aren't super functional, but they look cute with her clothes.
I like this wallet, its very comfortable in my pocket and has enough room for all my stuff. I definitely recomend it
OMG!!! I was so excited to receive my ring.  It's beautiful and gorgeous. It literally glitters and glitters and glitters. I highly recommend you get this. Even my mom commented that it was so shiny and sparkly!!! For the price it's a steal. :D
Fantastic design and quality. Very warm on foot. Just run a little bit small in size - should buy a size 5.5 or 6 if your feet are size 5.
This ear piece is really cute but it hurts about 2 hours in the ear. plus my tail did not fit on my back I had to use a regular earring post.
I love this shirt! It is my new favorite! They're of course one of my favorite bands! The shipping was quick I got it in 3 days! They said up to 3-5 days and I was happy it took the least amount of time because I couldn't wait to get it!!
This is a very nice, high quality watch! Sharp looking and obvious craftsmanship. The face is LARGE and easy to read. In fact, it is a little too large for my taste. It is much larger and heavier than the average watch, but it is in fact a diver watch, so if you are wearing it while diving, I am sure that comes in handy and is not an issue. But for every day use, it is a little bulky, at least for my taste. The only other drawback that I found with this watch is that the bezel doesn't move. Now, I am not an avid diver, but that seems to be something that every divers watch would need to have. I also like the glow in the dark face on this watch...very nice!Other than that, it is a great divers watch - classy, stylish, and well-made. For every day us, you may want a watch that is not quite as large (the face of this watch is just over 2 inches wide!). If you like large time pieces, this is a great watch and is distinctively eye-cat["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.'] am very happy with this prchase.
For whatever reason I ordered these shoes in a size too large.  Then I didn't have time to reorder for an upcoming wedding so I simply returned them for a refund.However, they were beautiful shoes and looked to be very flexible and soft.I will likely reorder sometime in the future.
I LOVE THIS CORSELETTE!! IT TOOK FOREVER TO ARRIVE BUT VERY PLEASED WHEN IT DID. THE MATERIAL IS VERY DURABLE I READ ALOT OF THE REVIEWS BEFORE DECIDING ON WHICH ONE I WOULD SELECT,IT FITS EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED THE ONLY THING IS THE SIZING CHART IS CONFUSING IM 5'3 AND 210pds. SO I THOUGHT I WAS SELECTING THE XX-LARGE WHICH HAPPENS TO BE THE 42SIZE I WANTED THE 40SIZE INSTEAD SO LADIES KEEP THAT IN MIND SO NOW IM SURE FOR THE 40SIZE YOU MUST SELECT X-LARGE SIZE AND REMEMBER TO START THE CLOSURE FROM THE TOP AND WORK YOUR WAY DOWNWARD I WORE IT THE FIRST NITE FOR SOME FOREPLAY WITH THE HUBBY AND ITS KEEPER (LOL) DONT FORGET THE STRAPLESS BRA LADIES YOU CAN ALSO WEAR THE REGULAR BRA AS WELL BUT FOR MORE COMFORT STRAPLESS WILL SUIT JUST FINE THE CLOSURES DO NOT SHOW THAT MUCH THROUGH YOUR CLOTHING EITHER LIKE ANOTHER CUSTOMER STATED UNLESS YOU ARE WEARING SOMETHING VERY TIGHT ANOTHER THING THIS SHAPER IS NOT UNCOMFORTABLE AT ALL I'VE TRYED OTHER SHAPERS AND THEY EITHER ROLL ARE DONT HOLD THE TUMMY IN,THIS ITEM DID BOTH I WILL DEFINATELY BE ORDERING AGAIN FROM THIS DESIGNER.  THANKS AMAZON
For reference sake, I am 5'2&#34;, 150lbs, and a 36C bust.This dress is a stretchy spandex material, form-fitted, and a nice peplum to help hide Thanksgiving pudginess. This dress fit me everywhere except for the length and the bust. The bust was too tight for 36Cs, and the length of the dress was really close to where the buttocks are located. I do not believe that the model in the image could proportionally have had the length of her dress reach mid-thigh.Hope this helps! :)
Love love love these boots, comfortable & super cute, great with skinny jeans!!!! Now I just need them in brown!!

This tie is a beautiful blend of silver/grey and purple. I ordered six and they arrived neatly folded and wrapped VERY quickly! Excellent product and excellent service!
love the style of the rosary but have to say that the shippers need to better package the product when ship out. when i got my rosary one bead was damage but still decided to keep it. they have to find better and safer way to protect the product while it is being ship.
New Balance shoes always run somewhat small for me so I ordered a size larger to compensate for that and the fact that I would be wearing them with heavy socks. They fit just fine, are fairly light weight, and feel quite comfortable. The shoe has some arch support, but I have problems with falling arches so I plan to replace the existing insole liner with one that gives more support. They are for walking or hiking--not a dress shoe--but they look fine with jeans or casual slacks. They seem to be well made and hopefully will last for a long time.
Order a l/2 size smaller.  I normally wear a 7/ l/2 but after reading the reviews ordered a 7...good decision.Rubber soles and you can tell it is a &#34;BORN,&#34; just by the comfort.
I would have chosen this in a small if I would have tried it on before I bought it. It's a nice cleavage shirt and it makes my waist look small and my chest look huge. It does wrinkle easily and I find myself messing with the draping around the chest when I'm wearing it.
I bought the black version about 2 years ago, albeit a slightly different style and they are still in great condition. These are far better though. Nice weight, very comfortable innards, albeit the tongue right at the edge could have used cushion wrapped around because it does tend to bite into the upper foot a bit - I just got these so maybe after some wear it will work out. The soles are the best I have seen on sandals of this style. Again, great job to Timberland for craftsmanship and Amazon for best pricing and 1-day shipping!
As far as comfort goes, these are the BEST shoes ever - soft and flexible, as well as made from a breathable material. They have more space in the toe area than classic Converse, which makes them better for long walks/running.However, the canvas is of very poor quality. After a few weeks, I had holes in the toes of the two pairs I bought. They're so comfortable I'd buy more, but at $40 a pair, it's just not worth it.
these shoes fit as expected little tightthey feel nice walking they have more cusion then most shoes they are light
Was so excited for this slipper, but was definitely disappointed. The slipper runs extremely small. I wear an 8.5 normally and ordered 9 and couldn't even get my foot in. Very narrow as well, NOT for a wide foot. Also the comfy looking cushioning was rather hard and itchy.
I have an apple-shaped frame, meaning that I carry most of my weight in my midsection. I usually wear size 12-14, so I bought a large. I bought these both so I could have something to smooth everything out and because I have two bad discs in my lower back, so I thought some extra support would be nice. When I first put them on, my initial impression were that they were a bit large, and they don't have quite as much control as I thought they would. However, they're still a light to moderate control piece, and they're super comfy to wear all day long (my insides don't feel like they're being vacuum sealed). If I bought another pair (which I'm thinking I probably will) I might get the medium instead of the large so I have two choices of the amount of control I want. Overall though, great buy!
The Reebok Freestyles Hi are very comfortable shoes. If you do a lot of walking, stand on your feet the all day... they are perfects. I like to walk to my office and from my office every day (about 6 miles both ways) and with the Freestyles Hi I never get any foot pain.I started wearing the Freestyle Hi way back. I had twisted my ankle and they were the only shoes I could wear. To this day there are still my favorite shoes.Just be aware that sizing may differ slightly from pair to pair. My only critic is that the manufacturing quality has not always been consistent.But overall you cannot go wrong with those.
Man oh man...(breathe in, breathe out)  Feels good to delete these off my wish list :D!!!  Just got them for X-mas & I absolutely  adore them so far.  Took me LITERALLY about 15 mins to put on though...phew, but they are exactly what they promise to be.  I'm sitting down right now & I know for a fact that they aren't even considering rolling up (big-deal).  Perfect fit when all is said & done, great strong quality fabric, very opaque, which I love!  I know that these are going to be with me for some time now.  Oh & note to self...do not, I repeat DO NOT buy these without checking the sizing charts on the Spanx website!  Trust me, you don't want to guess more than a few lbs off if you're going to be the in between type size like I am.  I'll confess...I guessed, because I often buy tights of all sorts, & what I picked sounded close enough (*shrugs?*)  Now that I have the packaging & get to look @ the sizing chart, I'm actually about 3 lbs above the range for my height & I FEEL EVERY OUNCE, lol!?  A good way to make sure one will not overeat 2day on X-mas, or any typical tend-to-over-eat occasion!!  Anyways, all in all, fantastic product, worth every cent, I plan on purchasing every color.  Hope this helps & Merry Christmas everyone :)!
This arrived almost a week early.  It is a gorgeous quality dress.  My daughter loves it.  Be sure to note the measurements for sizing; I almost ordered too big.
I purchased one for myself and one as a gift. I LOVE it!! It works great and I love that it comes with the cleaning solution. You only need a tiny drop of it and the jewelry sparkles. I highly recommend it.EDIT---I don't understand--I was thrilled with this purchase so I bought one as a gift. My recipient recently contacted me and said hers DIDN'T come with the cleaning solution whereas mine did. I am not happy about this as I just placed a duplicate order to the one I ordered in October. I paid the same price--where is my["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.'] down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.
Cost effective, easy to understand, and gave me a nice amish look.  I was very impressed with this and was able to make a little hair go a long way by trimming it several times.
This item looks and feels so real I know the it is real, I love the fact that is it very light weight, and that it so easy to move in. I feel like am in the old times when old kung fu masters use such items. So cool. Thank you for this..
I was looking for a thicker warmer gown. When this product arrived, I was unpleasantly surprised to see that it was very thin, thinner than a hankerchief. I kept it to wear in hotter temperatures, but was disappointed.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE! Ive seen some other belly rings with my flag but this is the only on that wasnt a dangle and thats why i loved it so much:). VIVA LA PUERTO RICO !
The bra is very cute but it runs a bit small and the cups are too pointy.  I probably will only wear it for my husband, not out as an everyday bra.
First of all,  it's way too much for how much you actually use.  It didn't help with the stretch at all.
These are really good quality earrings, but the color is super light - much lighter than the photo.  I should send them back - but it will cost more postage & hassle than it's worth.  There are several postings on here that say the same thing - so beware.  If you want super light amethyst earrings, then get these.  If you want a darker color - then order something else.  I should have heeded the prior postings.
My boyfriend absolutely loved this watch and received a lot of compliments... The watch is very sheek and affordable...I would definitely purshase another one
Broke after 2 months. Total waste of my money.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Won't make the same mistake twice.
I have worn many pairs of these Lee pants. They are very tough and stand up to frequent washing.They are very comfortable and versatile, but lately I have noticed they are a little long. That would be fine with a high heeled boot, but I don't want to wear high heels. I have washed the pants in hopes they may shrink up! I am 5'7" and usually "average" length is ok. I will have to hem these latest ones. But despite that, good pants!
Leggings are my preferred leisure wear - either around the house or exercising outdoors in cooler weather.  These are the most comfortable I have ever owned. The fabric is close knit but not thick and is warm enough for cool fall days, with a good firm stretch to keep the leggings in place with no danger of sagging or slipping. I like the snug fit of the wide waistband. I am 5' 5&#34; with a slight tummy and the Medium fit me perfectly.
these shoes are so adorable! i bought them in a 6.5 because they were absurdly cheaper then the 6 (my usual size) and i have kinda wide feet. THEY FIT PERFECTLY!!!! so order a half size up if your feet arent super thin. They are so cute and theyre really well made. the little bow is so cute and the quilting makes the shoe. i fricking love them! ^.^
i love these jeans they are a great fit and great buy these jeans makes my butt look great i now own every color
I would say "don't bother purchasing this ring" you'll just end up sending it back. It looks great in the picture but is very lightweight and cheap looking in person.  Make sure and check the weight before purchasing. 3 grams is not sufficient for a set.  I would say go with at least 5 or 6 grams if you are purchasing a set. This feels like something you would get from a gum ball machine.
I'm not sure where to start except to tell you how much I love this ring, it is simply beautiful.  It sparkles and shines and catches all the light, this is an amazing ring for an amazing price.  The size is a perfect fit, so just order your normal size.  The stones are perfect.  I got mine in solid 14k White Gold.  You will be very happy if you order this from Sonia Jewels.  I have now had this ring for about five months, it's still just as beautiful as it was the day I received it.  It is truly a very lovely ring and I'm so happy I bought it.  It looks so much better in person than in pictures, you really must see to appreciate.
Used to able to get these locally but no one carries them anymore. I like to low rise and the fit is always great. they stay in place all day.
Good product for the price paid. However, the chain is pretty flimsy and kinks very easily. The keys are a cute idea and my daughter was very happy to give it to her mom on christmas.
I used this umbrella twice. The second time was a windy and rainy day. After being open for 30 seconds, the umbrella blew apart. I've had $3 umbrellas that fared far better under similar conditions.
I was looking for the perfect black winter coat when I saw this one I was really excited to get it ,I'm 5/9 and a size 12 so I ordered a large the shoulders were a bit snug and the sleeves length were too exact not long enough I wore it a couple,of times but it's not warm enough not good enough for January February the peak of winter
Belt is of a good quality leather. My only issue is that the Celtic pattern stamped into the leather is a lot less pronounced then in the pictures. It could be hit or miss if you get a well stamped one or not. Belt is long, and end flops down by your knee, proper for the style.
Lets settle few things first-I didn't purchased @ B&M; store,so YES! there's no manufacturer warranty, but that's obvious, for price I paid,no auth. TH seller would match..so if it's a brick..then its my loss.Its an online purchase (amazon), is it real..is it fake!! I dont know,although under most circumstances, I do trust on Amazon and product they sell..so it's totally your call if you want to buy from hereNow the product~I wanted to buy movado but ever since amazon becomes authorized dealer for Movado, they jacked up their prices so a decent movado and TH was similar in price, I bought this watch purely for namesake. I personally like watches which has scratch resistant glass as well as band (tungsten),but again!! you get what you pay for, so for 6xx.xx$, this is a good deal~watch although looks big,but in reality it's light.I was fumbled with chrono feature first but figured it out once I went thru manual (although its still not detailed properly), Only thing which bugs me is that its a battery powered watch,but again!! I knew it before I made the purchase, did anyone experience yet that how much it cost to get batteries swapped @ TH dealer vs local shop? I'm concerned about the seal so don't want to take it to just anyone when the time comes.One thing Which I still need to figure out is date feature! for 30 vs 31 day of any given month, also for feb..will it correctly display 28/29 of feb? My current chrono shows leap year and respective month so dates are always aligned..not sure TH feature in this aspect.All in all, I dont see any reason giving this watch less than 5 star..next in line is Breitling (lol~Only if I can find a good deal)
A couple of reviewers indicated they ran large, so I ordered a 1/2 size smaller.  Alas, boots are so narrow, that I have to return them; despite the fact that I LOVE the boots.  I should have ordered my standard size; however, they are now no longer available.  Thanks to reviewer who offered tips on how to step into boot; otherwise, I may not have had the patience to maneuver into them.  Great value when sold by Amazon.  Other seller wants $ 263.00 more for the same product.
I like the fact that a courier such as UPS was used.It makes it easier on the local USPS letter carrier.Also, I could track the delivery and know when toexpect it.
I know the trend is to look like you got too fat for your clothes & couldn't afford to buy new ones or that you borrowed your smaller friend's clothes but not all of us like that.  I wish this shirt had come in a 2XL.  Love the design.  The fabric is a little thin.  If it had been a 2XL I would be really happy but I am giving it["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes."]ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.
It's hard for a man to re-enter society after 8 years in the joint.  Even if my "victim" was consenting.  I had no propects for a job and it looked like I was going have to go back to changein diapers at the local geri farm, when one day in the back of a issue of Guns N Ammo I spied an ad for the 3 Wolf Shirt.  The next week it arrived in the mail, and right away I could feel a new kind of energy and confidence.  That very same day I walked into Sneaky Pete's Dine and Dash truck stop and worked up the gumption to ask Sneaky Pete hisself for a job at the fryer.  He looked at me, looked at the 3 wolf shirt, looked back up at me, then at the shirt again, then again at either the shirt or me - I don't remember exactly the sequence... well anyway, suffice to say, that night he cradled me in his big strong hairy arms, and I ain't take off the shirt since.  Thank you, 3 wolf shirt.
I've purchased several of these. The fit and feel of the fabric are amazing. Absolutely the best underwear for men ever. Fit is true to size. I wish they came in more colors. The pink versions are really nice looking.
Earrings are each a different size. Will try to return before Christmas. Do not purchase. Stones are a different color.
They were not comfortable for me.  Not enough support and the left foot kept slipping up and down as I walked.
I love Patty's boutique!  I ordered this top and do love it.  You should know the neck part of the shirt is not actually attached to the shirt (not sure how I missed that!).  I wear the shirt without the neck part and it's still really cute!
These shoes are amazing.  Brooks shoes are by far the best running shoe that you can buy if you are a serious runner.  These are perfect for my foot-type (I am an over-pronator) and I feel completely balanced while running without getting that "overly-corrected" sensation when my feet hit the ground.  The shoes are also very lightweight.  Price is decent considering the brand, but in comparison to shoes like NIKE, the price is awesome.  I wouldn't even put this brand in the category of NIKE though.  Brooks are strictly for runners.  Overall, very satisfied!  FYI When purchasing these shoes, I recommend going about a 1/2 size up.  I read this on many Brooks blogs, and I found this to be true myself.
My wife wanted a watch with a big dial that was easy to read.  Boy did she get her wish!  This thing is bigger than any ladies watch I've ever seen.  It has a really cool timer option that counts minutes and seconds separately in two of the small dials.  The third is a 24 hour indicator and the date appears in a window below.  A standard radium dial provides low-light assistance.  Functional, attractive, and BIG.
I was looking for my first non-Timex watch in over 35 years of watch wearing- I guess I must be a cheapskate!!  I can't see spending a bundle on a Tag or Rolex or other high end watch- and I hate metal bands as they catch in the hair on my arms.  The Citizen Eco-drive seemed like a good idea to me.  It is a nice looking watch, quite hefty and larger than I expected.  I'm 6'4" with a somewhat thin wrist and it takes up my whole wrist.The big deal to me is that there is no light on this watch.  As someone who does not use an alarm clock, I count on the ability to see the watch at night in bed and even though the hands are luminiscent, they are very hard to discern at night.  I am used to Timex Indiglo- which is fantastic for this.  I guess I thought all watches would be using that technology but it is not the case.  If it were not for this lack of feature, I would rate this watch much higher- between 4 and 5 because it does seem to be a quality piece at a reasonable price.
This mask is very good for any costume involving the Nolan Batman series.  It is made in a way that is easy to get on and off, and it fits well.  My only complaint is that it might need some cushioning under the eyelids to maintain a more defined shape (but not needed) and you will have to add a method of sealing the back flaps of the mask so it is a good fit (industrial velcro did the job nicely).My Reason for Purchasing:I made the mistake of purchasing the "Super Deluxe Batman The Dark Knight Costume" which came with a mask that could not possible fit any human without an unrealistic amount of cushioning added, and even then you look like a bobblehead in a poorly sculpted mask.  As such, this new batman mask was exactly what I needed.  It was cheap, fits will, and looks much better than the one my expensive costume came with.  Even though it was shipped from China, it arrived in 5 business days which surprised me since it was delivered a month earlier than defined.Is this mask perfect... no, but it is sure close and will be a much better fit than most masks you can purchase on the market (unless you make your own).Updated (Oct 25 2013):Dear Juan Cp, MacJunegrand, and Dbat;I for some reason cannot upload any of my photos.  I am not very good with that type of thing sadly and have admitted defeat after trying to copy and paste the photos, then upload in video review, along with other failed attempts.  I can say the mask looks quite similar to the product photo already presented on the site.  It has the same coloration and structure.  I will however say the chin region (your chin, not the mask) sticks out a little more than the photo suggests, but it still doesn't take away from the look.  Also, I have a larger head (but not huge) and thus this might be why I personally experienced it.  The other thing I noticed which was different is the eyebrow regions when compared to the product photo.  Unfortunately for me, upon wearing it, these eyebrows fold (collapsed) inward and look quite odd.  However, to fix this, I used a rectangular piece of black felt furniture sliders (about $3 at Walmart) and cut and hot glued them into the interior shape of the mask eyebrows.  From there I simply hot glued them into place and now the eyebrows looks just like the product photo. Granted, my head being larger might have caused this issue and others might not have such an issue, but since the mask is not molded specifically around your individual head, gaps might be present (for me only the eyebrows presented like that) from your face where you need mild cushioning. In terms of the felt cushioning, please note, let the hot glue cool slightly if you attempt this method since I could see it burning the latex if you apply it into place too quickly.There was also a slight gap in the nose region which was a good thing in order to breath easily.  I have tried other batman masks prior where you have to mouth breath the entire time which is not comfortable over time.  This product did not present with such an issue for me.  However, I am sure exceptions might occur for some people.I know a photo speaks a thousand words, but sadly, a photo is not possible for me. I hope the added comments helped to define this product.(Update: 07-18-14)After a recent summer "cosplay-like" costume party with a bunch of my nerdy friends (including my wife and I as nerds too), I have finally noticed a few imperfections occurring in the mask.  The latex is starting to fade into more of a grey (though I could most likely airbrush it again later) when compared to the rest of the costume and the slit in the back is growing with each removal (though I feel the velcro I added is slowing that issue).  In addition, I was trying to again figure out why some people last year stated they were receiving different masks than what I got and I can only figure it is because this mask has a neck piece attached (which after recently watching the movies again I see that is a differing aspect).  However, to be honest, I formed my own neck covering which hid that (since I noticed the attached neck piece left skin showing between it and a cape and chest/back piece).  As such, my costume does now look very similar to the movie costume because of that addition (which was simple another mask cut up and reformed from the overl["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price."]not accurate.
These are definitely some sexy shoes.  They are also true to size, comfortable, and add a statement to my outfits.  Very happy with this purchase!
22&#34; necklaces are hard to find so I took the chance and ordered.  I would have liked it to be a little thicker but it has a lot of shine even so, and the price was reasonable compared to other chains I looked at.  All in all, I am satisfied with my purchase.
I liked it because its unique. I got it in time for Christmas. My Granddaughter loved it because its not the usual t-shirt that you buy in the store.
I work in healthcare, & we are required to wear closed-toe shoes, so I have been searching for a modified huarache or fisherman sandal with a closed toe.  These fit the bill perfectly:  they have a bit of "aeration" on the front end, and lots of airflow at the sides & back.  The adjustable backstrap closes securely with velcro, and has no cheap elastic parts that could stretch out.  The toe box is rounded & roomy (which I like, for comfort), even though my size is 9 Narrow.  The insole of the shoe is soft & cool (which is a nice feature in a warm-weather shoe), so they are super-comfortable without any hosiery.  The sole is some sort of very cushion-y synthetic material, so they are very nice & "springy" when walking on concrete or hard floors.Only one small (and slightly humorous) downside:  there must be some little air hole in the sole of the right shoe, because when I walk, there is a small "whoosh" of air from that shoe every time I take a step!
What a great pair of shoes this one has been for me. I'm mainly an off road runner and this product has been totally effective on all kinds of environments such as hills, mud, grass etc. Developed some blisters and bubbles the first couple weeks which is totally normal for me for every new pair of shoes that I buy. Love the little sack on top of the tongue which allows me to "lock" my shoe laces and run carefree.
These shoes look well worth $150 or more. They are very stylish and classy. They did cut into the base of my heel. I didn't have any problem with my toes slipping down, and they have excellent traction. Very comfortable besides the cuts from rubbing. I'll buy some of those spongy pads for shoes until these get broken in.
I have wanted an IWC for a long, long time and finally this Christmas, my wife made it happen for me with the Portofino Automatic.  We had to wait a while because IWC had manufacturing issues and shut down production for several months in 2011, but around Christmas time one finally popped up and she snagged it quickly.Without a doubt, this is a gorgeous watch.  It is a little noisy, but evidently that's the self-winding mechanism and after a couple weeks I grew to think of that as more of a cool feature than a nuisance.  That period, from 2 weeks in to 8 weeks in was the glory time with me and my IWC and I was VERY happy with the watch.  Then something broke.  The crown and stem became detached from the watch.  No damage to the watch, just at the end of February, I needed to adjust the day and when I pulled on the crown, the WHOLE thing came out.  I was kind of surprised, but honestly thought it had just become unscrewed somewhere inside the casing.  I took it to a repair store and they were concerned, but said IWC would take care of it...and that's where the story goes downhill in a hurry.IWC claimed all sorts of things were wrong with the watch that I did, from water to abuse to rubbing on "something abrasive".  I don't swim / shower with the watch.  I never dropped it, hit it, banged, etc.  And I'm pretty sure I kept it away from the sandpaper.  To boot, IWC immediately voided my warranty and attempted to solicit another $1,000 from me for repairs.  They did send pictures of some damage on the inside of the watch, but I don't see how I could have done anything to the inside of the watch since I've never taken it apart.  I got the watch back and looked it over but still don't see anything wrong with it cosmetically (and it pains me to say that it is still beautiful).I deeply suspect that the manufacturing issues that led to the shutdown are the same issue that is plaguing my watch.  Further, I imagine IWC is getting tired of dealing with the hundreds of watches being returned to their facilities and had to put their foot down somewhere.  It's been a really sad time because as much as I love the watch, it really is poorly manufactured and likely as a result of the poor manufacturing, the service is terrible.I've read all the reviews online that are glowing, but I think those just reflect what IWC used to be.  The watches and the company those people write about does not exist in my experience, and in fact, nothing about my dealings with this company has in any way reflected what you hear about.  IWC was acquired by Richemont International recently and like all acquired companies, they sacrifice quality for cost savings.  Best of luck to others, I'm still praying I can sell mine and get something out of it.
SHIRT IS OK, HAVE TO WEAR A STRAPLESS BRA TO KEEP IT UP. THE SEWN INPADS ARE POSITIONED KIND OF TOO WIDE APART. FOUND A BETTER ONE AT WALMART FOR $5.
I was so excited to find Demonia Boots that weren't 6 inches tall! I had wanted to get some that I could go go dance in without making me too tall. These boots are super soft and well worth the price but when buying you may want to consider ordering a size bigger than you are (the demonia site says they run small). I had to return mine and order a bigger size... but i still love them!
Great value, great product! I may buy another in a different color. Very comfy and good build quality, would recommend!
This set of PJs fits snug.  The fabric has no visible wear after several washings.  Just the right style for summer -- not too skimpy but still short sleeves and short pants.
Good product.  Fit perfectly.  Color matched well with current watch.  Would buy product again.  Will recommend to others to buy.
the Item was as described and excellent quality. Will do business again.  I  do not think I could not have received a better product.
I've always been somewhat of an aficionado of fine watches and still to this day collect quite a few for my personal enjoyment.  This particular item caught my eye and I thought it would get along splendidly nestled among my collection of quality timepieces.  Needless to say, on the day the watch arrived I felt quite an elation and.. what the... wait... huh, my hands are rotting away into putrefied, stinking, oozing globs of sores dripping pus & blood, Awwww, my soul is being drug into a descending unrelenting tearing searing blistering hell of... hey, what's this... gum?  Right here?  Gum.  An unopened pack of gum I mean it's right here next to the computer.  Like it's just been waiting here for me all this time, just me... THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER!
This is a really pretty dress, and probably because of the small amount of spandex in the material - is actually closer to true US sizing than most Jessica Howard dresses, which are cut VERY SMALL. Even still, had to order a size larger than I normally wear.
Don't get me wrong: The hat is rather nice, but my disappointment is substantial."Khaki" is in general described  as "a light shade of yellow-brown similar to tan or beige" and the hat that I received is brown, it is not anywhere near to yellow-brown, tan, or beige.The description shamefully hides that the band outside is made from fake leather and it also hides that the hat is made in China. These are, in my opinion, three strong reasons to stay away from this product as it is shamelessly overpriced.
These socks are really thin and won't last long. The colors are great and fun to wear! The picture shows the colors well. I donated the white ones to a local charity organization.
I purchased these earrings to go with a necklace my wife received from her mother at Christmas (eight months prior). My wife says these are lovely earrings and are the perfect length for lever-backs. The rose quartz stones match her necklace even though they came from very different places at different times.Edited on 5/12/11:My wi["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.']ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.
Comfortable fit, I would recommend going one size bigger than what you normally wear. It is a tighter fit. I normally wear a small and I ordered a med.
recieved my shoes and they are not purple,they are lavender, I need dark purple like the ones I ordered.I am very unhappy.
I use this case not as a wallet but to hold membership, discount, and rewards cards for various chains I shop at.  Since I don't use it frequently, I keep this in my backpack.  Initially I looked at other card cases, but the reviewers warned that the clip easily broke off.  I have not had that problem with this case.
Te battery came dead. Brand new not even otta the box & the battery s dead?Cheap enough, but still
Nice sock but there are slightly better made socks out there at this price point.The pads around the ankle areas are not well placed.  *Maybe it's just how my feet are???Otherwise, the fit is nice and the heel is just deep enough.I really like the color patterns.
Very comfortable, feet love the massage from the nubs. Quality has gone south. The massaging nubs break off at an unreasonable rate. Be prepared to buy replacements often once you get addicted to these.
I love the texture of the materail, but they were a little tigher than other large p'j's I have ordered
I ordered this item for my daughter's birthday party and we loved the ensemble, however it was way too big.  It came with everything described and would have been much more adorable had it fit properly.  My daughter just turned 7 and has been wearing size 7 clothes for length for the last 6 months.  I ordered her the size 5-7 thinking it would fit snug as she is at the top of the size and was clearly wrong.  Lengthwise it fit perfectly but she needs to be about twice her size in girth to fill out the costume.  It was very baggy.  Even the wristbands were loose.  The boot covers on her was unfortunately also very loose but with her being skinny everywhere else by the time we got to them it was no surprise.  We did not use them at all but did notice there was no band of non slip grip to help keep them up if we had used them.  Something to think about if you order the costume.  The golden lasso that comes with it does not come off and is braided cord.  It looks alright for a kids costume but she wanted to be able to take it off an play with it.  Purchasing another one and trimming off the attached one would be advised. If we had more time to ship it back to swap out for a smaller size, I would have.  Hopefully she fills it out more by Halloween and is still interested in Wonder Woman.
theyre pretty good. compared to injiji they are thinner, Like liner or dress socks thin. But if wearing with Vibram Five Fingers they work perfectly because they're barely there. AND YOU CANT BEAT THE PRICE.
Other than the fact that it is a different brand it is descent quality leather, but the plastic to seperate the check you are writing on from the checks behind it doesnt cover the left portion of the check to prevent going through the carbon copies.  Also, If you put a pen in the pen holder it is almost impossible to close the checkbook.  It's a nice, simple design, but needs a few adjustments to be practical to use all of its features.
Very comfortable and cute.  The material of this shoe provides good traction without getting mud or dirt stuck in the tread.
THIS ABCO TECH TOUCH SCREEN WATCH IS AMAZING, WHEN I RECIEVED THE WATCH (EARLY), I QUICKLY OPENED THE WATCH, SET THE TIME AND IT KEEPS PERFECT TIME, I HAVE NEVER SEEN A TOUCH SCREEN WATCH BEFORE AND HONESTLY DIDNT KNOW WHAT I WAS GETTING. WHAT I GOT WAS AN EXCELLENT (DIFFERENT) WATCH FOR A GREAT PRICE AND A GREAT CONVERSATION PIECE, THE WATCH WAS VERY EASY TO SET THE TIME, THE BLUE COLORS STAND OUT SO BRIGHT AND THE NUMBERS ARE LARGE ENOUGH THAT YOU DONT HAVE TO LOOK TWICE TO SEE THE TIME, ACTUALLY AFTER THIS REVIEW, IM ORDERING ANOTHER ONE FOR A FRIEND WHO WENT CRAZY OVER IT. YOU SIMPLY VERY EASY TOUCH THE SCREEN AND WOW, THERE IS THE TIME IN BRIGHT BLUE. I WOULD RECOMMENDED THIS WATCH FOR MEN OR WOMEN SINCE WOMEN ARE WEARING BIGGER WATCHES THESE DAYS. MONEY WELL SPENT, THANK YOU TO THE COMPANY WHO MAKES THE WATCH AND AGAIN THANKS AMAZON.COM.
I love the Slogger garden shoes.  They fit well and so far have held up very well (much better than others I have tried).I also have a pair of Sloggers boots and find them to be well-constructed, comfortable, and cute! I have tried many department store rain boots and they never last long and they are much more expensive.  Sloggers are high quality at a very affordable price.I highly recommend them!
I'm a diehard Iowa Hawkeyes fan...these are perfect for me! Super comfy even though this is a mens shoe and I'm a woman.
This thing isn't elegant.  It looks like it was made by my son in 8th grade shop class.  But it's inexpensive and it works.  And shouldn't a boot jack look rustic?
Not too small  just right,  lovely color  and perfect  for everyday  or  on those special occasions,  i get  lots of compliments  goes  well with  lots of  different  dresses or  even  jeans.
this was a beautiful purse for someone who likes bigI do not and it seemed to be awrkward to carryseemed to be to clumbsey
Gosh, I ordered these shoes because I've been wanting a decent pair of Mary Jane Pumps for quite some time now and let me tell you, I freaking love these shoes!!! Even better than the picture. Thank You!
These  are pretty, comfortable, and feel wonderful to the touch (extremely soft) but about 15 minutes after putting them on they've already developed two runs. Luckily my partner likes the ripped stocking aesthetic but I was disappointed they didn't even last a single wear.
I bought this shoehorn on other recommendations.  I need assistance getting tall boots on.  This horn works great.  It's exactly what I needed.  The shipping was crazy fast.
The company was very helpful when my order didnt come on time they worked with me and gave me my shipping back for the delayed time it came cares about customers
I got this bracelet and necklace for my husband for Christmas.He loves it.
It's a shame there aren't any other reviews anywhere on the web. I thought I'd add my two cents for anyone else who might be considering purchasing this item.First off, it shipped in three days. Very speedy. Before purchasing this watch, I was afraid the red accents would be too much and would take away from the overall impressions. But after two weeks of use and a third party band, I couldn't be happier with this time piece. The picture provided by Seiko on this item page makes the black dial look different than it actually does in person, so I will provide a small album of photos I took of mine. This is a great casual watch and would recommend it to anyone looking for a watch that isn't too flashy.Album: [...]Band:Black Rubber Silicone Diver Release
I needed something for work, my office is cold especially in winter and my desk is right by an outer door.  Needless to say these "fashion" sweaters that are everywhere made of what amounts to tissue paper were not cutting it. This sweater is perfect I would say its a medium thickness not exactly a chunky sweater but way better than anything I was looking at in the stores in that it is an actual sweater the price is what I would pay in the stores if I could find anything like this there. I am a size 4/6 in most things and I got the 10-12UK/6-8US and it is fitted snug in the hips and sleeves could have done with it nipping in bit more at the waist but thats not a deal breaker.  Shipping was very fast ordered it on a monday got it on wednesday. I plan on buying more in other colors.UPDATE: I got both the purple and the gray for christmas both of these lack the stiffness/tight sleeves and hips o["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now."]is included.
Very nice and stylish frames. I originally got the 50mm but they were a bit too tight for me, so I got the 52mm and they fit perfectly as a guy with an average sized head. Great purchase.
Cristian Iniestra.They look & fit great. I have a big head so these shades are great. I am satisfied with my purchase. I totally recommend these shades. I love them.
The face is a little smaller than I would have liked. But my biggest issue is with the band and mostly maybe my problem in the area the band is so large and local jeweler will not try to take out links so I could wear and I can not wear it the way it is.
Shoddy quality.  You get what you pay for.  Plus the angle in the photo really don't give a clue about the true shape of these.
The gold part on mine wasn't even by the edge of the gauge, it was like more towards the middle.
I wore these earrings twice so far. These are a nice pair of earrings, but  they are a little stiff for me .I am changing my 1st review. I wore earring again today and they r very stiff and sticking out. I'm afraid I'm going to break them trying to push them in
The coat is shorter than I expected, but it is still long enough for my tall body. It is warm except around the neck. If the hood is down, it leaves the neck exposed more than if the coat had a collar. Even with the hood up, it does not seal the neck very well and on me the hood is a little short. Need to wear a scarf with this coat on very cold days. Otherwise the coat is a good fit. I ordered the small and it was roomy enough to wear a sweater underneath without being too tight in the shoulders but still slender enough to have a fitted look.
This is a fabulous wallet!  I love the color (it's easy to spot in your purse) and it is wonderfully organized for credit cards and all the other items I seem to need in my wallet.
I've bought these at Walmart for a couple of years now. I don't know why I keep buying them. They all do the same thing after about maybe a month. First thing is a hold starts on the left side of the crotch. About the same time the material starts tearing on the right thigh. It looks cool and all if I was 20 but I'm not. It not a fashion thing with these it's just poor material. A few more washes and both holes are too big to get away with wearing in public. I don't want to be the guy that is known for letting lefty hang out for all to see.Time to break down and pay the 40.00 for a pair of real Wrangler mwz I think it's called and see if they last longer.
I normally wear 7.5W and I ordered these in 7.5B, and they fit like a dream! The leather is so supple and very high quality. I like my leather smoother and thinner, and that is what this is. The almond toe is very good as well. This shoe is very versatile, and for $22 it is such a steal! I'm not sure how it would fit people with narrower feet, but if you usually wear wider shoes, do not hesitate to buy the normal width!
Ordered it for my daughter who needed it for a presentation.  It arrived early and was of the same quality described on Amazon.  No issues, would order again if needed.  Very satisfied.
This is a great shoe. I have the minimus road shoe, but wanted to try something like a trail shoe. It is a little stiffer in the upper, but it does soften as you wear it. It definitely feels like this shoe hugs your foot more and feels more stable on grassy, uneven terrain.The shoe also wraps around the ankle a little higher than the NB road shoe, which is great especially on uneven ground.What I didn't like was the tread of the shoe as it's quite hard in comparison to the minimus zero.I would recommend this shoe to anyone that wants to run trails and has a wide foot and high arch as I have and found the fitting pretty good.
A rare gem. A beautiful find. The perfect gift for anyone you care about, she'll love it!!  It's priced right.
The back wheels are already so heavily worn after only one trip to and from the airport, it does not look like it can survive another business trip. I am returning this item for sure.
I didn't like the buckle on these boots.  It was a little too casual.  I was looking for something dressy that I can wear to work and these did not fit the bill.
Really fun to look at. Fits almost any size belly. Wife gets alot of comments on it.  Would recommend buying.
I got this for my 8 year old son for Christmas.  9 months later, it is still one of his favorite toys, despite the scope having broken off after about 6 months.  We glued it back on once and it came off again several weeks ago.  The only problem we've had (aside from the scope) is that he has trouble getting the cap rings out by himself (I'm sure if he'd quit biting his nails and let them grow it'd be easier).  So he usually comes to me to help him get the old ring out.  I'm happy that it has held up as well as it has considering it is a plastic gun that has seen lots of use!
Great looking plaid shirt. Fits well. Pocket large enough for my Nikon S9300 compact camera and the button flaps keep stuff from falling out when I bend over. I can't begin to imagine why anyone would ever buy a shirt without button or velcro flaps.
These shoes are great. They are true to size and so comfortable with the wide heal. I also ordered them in the ivory color!
I always enjoyed crocs. I have a pair I use at home that are the regular crocs. I wasn't sure how these would work. I have a problem with my left heel and other shoes just are too painful to wear. I decided to purchase these Mary Jane Croc's to see if the would be as comfortable as my regular cros's. I was amazed they fell like you are wearing almost nothing. They cushion my feet and especially my heel. They are very comfortable and I can wear them to work and in the winter. I would recommend these croc's highly.
Bought these online hoping it would be well made being Hush Puppies and being more expensive than most comparible sandals. I couldn't have been more wrong. After wearing them only occasionally for a month or two the souls starting cracking. The upper sandals look brand new, but both souls have broken all the way across in the same spot (where the shoe flexes).I tried to glue it with shoe glue but it didn't hold. Now the rest of the soul is starting to crumble away and these are pretty much unwearable. Definitely used a defective rubber in manufacture, probably saved a few cents per unit. This is the first and last pair of hush puppies I'll buy.
I work in a busy ER and could not survive one shift without them.  They are well made and provide protection for my feet.  I wore my last pair for 8 years!
Best support walking shoes. Wide and deep toe box. Works great with orthotics.  comfortable, easy to break in.I have black and white.pairs.
I love this bracelet! It goes with everything and it sparkles and shines beautifully. Every time I wear it I get compliments. Wonderful value for the money spent and it arrived earlier than expected.
I started out using Reebok freestone for insanity...no support for the amount of movement that I was doing. Don't get me wrong they are great sneakers ...but I needed a great pair of cross-trainers...Pumagility cross-trainers are excellent. Extremely comfortable and nice looking. I got the dark grey/lime green and purple pair. I'd definitely buy them again.
I purchased the rose velvet for $67. and count it as one of my great buys of the year. They arrived prime-fast even though originally said it would take an extra day or so to fulfill. The frame is much larger than I realized, and sit down toward the cheeks, but this only hits a bit when I smile widely. Otherwise they are comfortable and good for a smaller nose, which I have. The large hard case is great, although no belt straps, plus comes with a soft bag. The case is white with an embossed pattern.
I bought this for my wedding day, and it was perfect! Perfectly supportive  AND slimming! I am a size 18 with D cups, so those traits are not easily found together in one piece. The back dips a couple inches below where a normal bra would be. It was very comfortable, comes with clear and colored straps (I didn't use either) and colored (mine was ivory), remov["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.'] If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.
I purchased this for my brother for Christmas and he put it on and didn't take it off until it was spring and to hot to wear a hoodie.  It is comfortable, fits well, and is by far the geekiest thing i could find for my geek brother.  Love this gift and i am thinking about getting the R2D2 one for myself
Nice beatiful earrings have gotten a lot of complements and people think they are real i recomend these they are beatiful.
This purse is just as described. Packed carefully, all the metal pieces were wrapped carefully and looks like real leather!
These boots are exactly what I expected them to be, and I caught a really good deal where I got them for 50% off! I am a size 9 and they fit true to size, brougt the brown which are really dark almost look like they are black, beautiful color and can't forget to mention you can wear the entire day and they will absolutely care for your feet - very comfortable...I absolutely love them! Another plus for this company is that they arrived free of shipping in just two days!!! I am able to give a good review since I've had them for about a month and a half.
Bulky and uncomfortable... Sorry ... At least they were nice stones ... I would probably not buy earings from this vendor again...  The stone sits about an inch from the ear; the post behind the stone is what is bulky ... The earings hang forward and down. - uncomfortable
I purchased this bag in black; It looks very nice. The cellphone pocket is used for business cards and glasses. One pocket carries my wallet and keys and the other pocket carries my Ipod and associated cords. There is a side pocket that carries my small cell phone. I wanted a bag that could carry my day to day stuff but not be two big.  The bag is well constructed, with no flaws.
after this came in the mail i wore it and a week or 2 later the angel wing fell off... i wasnt doing any over excessive moving around like workouts or anything or even playing with the jewelry piece. Ive wanted an angel wing belly ring forever and im sad that this one didnt work out for me
I have bought my wife several Kipling products, and they are nice for just giving a gift.  It seems as they are made quite well, and while some folks consider them a bit expensive, thats a relative thing; for sure, a lot cheaper than a Louis Vuitton Backpack - and probably more durable too.We like to take cruises on occasion, and she finds this to be just the right thing for carry-on aboard the ship. And with the bag's expansion feature, we can stuff it full of the souvenirs we seem to collect on the cruise.
I typically wear a M/L in women's skirts.  After reading the reviews on this item, I decided to go with a Large, but it was so tight over my butt and loose in the thighs so from the side it looked really awkward.  Because they are so inexpensive and I have trouble finding inexpensive pencil skirts, I decided to try again with a 2X. Still too tight around my butt, but way to large in the waist and thighs.  This one is just not going to work for me.
Such a cute shirt. Exactly what I was looking for at a great price. 2T fits true to size. My son loves watching George!
First I had to go chase it down and if this is a 3x, then kids have 3 x,  do not buy from this company, they can't even begin to know how to size.  It would be a medium in the real world!!!
The stockings had a hard time staying up even with suspenders. There was already a rip on one stocking in the back.
this was a good deal for what I saw on other sites and much better than what is in stores.
It was a little to big so I oedered the Black one because this one was gone in the size I needed.
The website clearly states that the strap is leather.  The watch has a tag that clearly states that the strap is SYNTHETIC leather.  So clearly, the website is wrong.  This deserves the low rating.  Amazon will not exchange this for one with a leather strap.
Straps on this item keep coming loose while wearing.  Size a little larger than advertised. I ordered F bu tE would have been better.
I must admit, I didn't not buy this item on Amazon, rather, it was given to me by an Anasazi shaman.  Seeking greater depth in my spiritual adventures, I had ventured to New Mexico, seeking out Anasazi visionaries who were living remotely in the desert mesas.  It took me several days of driving, and two days of hiking rough, rattle snake filled terrain to find them.  I came across an adobe hut, bleached by the sun, beginning to crumble to disrepair.  From within I hear a chanting, the sad lonely tones of a tribesman in trance.  Something beckoned me to enter and sit with the gray haired, wrinkled and weathered old man.  He sat before a small pile of smoldering coals, a pipe in his lap, a small bowl of yellow flowers at his knee from which he'd occasionally pluck a delicate petal with his gnarled fingers and place in his mouth and chew.Day faded into night, and by the red embers shadows danced upon the walls of the hut.  I awaited for him to accept me and let me eat the flowers to see visions as he was experiencing and reacting to, but instead, from a beaded deerskin satchel he produced a folded black t-shirt with three wolves and a silver moon, handing it to me.  I was shirtless before, I thought he was simply trying to keep me from getting chilled as the air grew cool, however this shirt was not any simple garment, it was full of awesome powers I was about to unwittingly be subjected to upon donning the garment.As I slipped my head through I felt like a gust of wind hit me, nearly knocking me onto my back.  I looked around, the hut's walls now seemed covered in runic symbols, it was larger, the fire at the center ablaze, and the shaman a good distance away at the other end of it.  My heart raced, my breath caught in my throat.  His chanting boomed in my ears though barely spoken above a mumble.  His words were suddenly translated, a mix of Spanish and Anasazi, neither of which I knew, were filling my head and making perfect sense.  His gazed into my eyes for the first time and I was frozen as he spoke.  "You seek the spirits and they have waited for you, now they will tell you what you must know.  Your guide has come to take you on your vision quest."  It was then I saw a spectacular white wolf not three feet from me, looking into my eyes unafraid nor threatening.  I followed her, and in the swirling stars and comets in the heavens I learned many things.  We howled together at the moon, and in the distance other wolves joined in our call.  We made passionate love on the sands of the mesa that night, and I woke the next day to find her gone, one set of paw tracks that led me back to that crumbling hut and disappearing at the entryway.  Inside was a skeleton of a man in moth eaten hemp clothing, the fire pit was cold and had not been lit for many years.  My three wolf moon t-shirt was ripped and nearly disintegrating on my body as if left exposed to the elements for a decade.  I cannot explain this, other than that I must have been visited by the spirits and transported to another time or dimension.  Of my findings and visions, I cannot tell all, for they were for my eyes and knowing alone, yet there is one thing I was told to share.  Beware of the Four Wolf Blood Moon T-Shirt!  Their wearers are the unwitting figures of destiny, the lock and the key, the bearers of woes, the breakers of time!
My son received this for a gift and was very happy with the style of the watch. The one thing to keep in mind is this watch is VERY large and has some heft to it. Would look odd on someone with very thin wrists and hands!
Love it!They fit beautifully.  I am a curvy woman and needed a pair of red leggings for a barbeque, I received lots of compliments.  Amazon, thank you!
I received my order within a week and I am thrilled! They fit perfectly and are super comfortable. They stay up well and they look great with a garter belt. I will definitely be purchasing more tights from this company.
Just got the winder yesterday. It is very quiet. I love the ability to set inde["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil."]rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.
Looks great right out of the box.  I don't look good in hats, but I am very happy with this one.  Great construction, great comfort, and a generous brim.  If you are close to the upper end of a size, I would go larger.  You can always put a hanky in the hat band.  You will love it.
My son wanted these because his older cousin's swear by them. They are avid ice fishermen and they have tried many brands and said these are the best! My son loves them too!
I LOVE this shoe. I wear it for everthing from treadmill running to weight training. I have even taught a spin class in them when I forgot my clip shoes. This shoe will give you your best dollar per mile.
Picked this at the last minute for prime shipping at a great deal. It looked great and I received many compliments. It was nice because it was a &#34;sexy&#34; costume, but it still covered you stomach/doesn't cling to your body in an uncomfortable way. Make sure you order a size that fits you - I'm 5'8 and of a medium build and a medium fit me well, a similar height friend who borrowed the costume however is a little bustier than me and would have looked better in a larger size. Also, a very short friend tried it on and it did not look as attractive because it came down too far on her, so a small would have been better!
Got these in the cheetah hair calf. They accent my suits, dresses, and even blue jeans so beautifully. And they are comfortable right out of the box.
when i first received these glasses when i got them out of the box then had a big scratch on them. so at first i gave them a bad review. However a few days later i received another package in the mail. it was a NEW pair of glasses and they were in great shape als received a glassed holder and something to put everything in.. and it was FREE!i am very happy that they sent me new glasses with out me having to ask! i would give this company a 5 out a 5, and they will have a returning costumer! thank you!
I love silver jeans. Their 35 length is great for me since I'm 5'10". Flare is great for those of us with bigger thighs. Great color. nice stretchy fabric
Damn it, Bobie. That boy ain't right, I tell you what. Back in my day boys didn't wear stuff like this. I blame Obama.
Very cute costume with all the extras, but the dress arrived with NUMEROUS stray threads...some not attached and a lot that are attached still.  Going to be a long process with the scissors.  :(We purchased the 4-6x and my daughter is an average sized 3-1/2 year old.  No way would she fit this next year, it is exactly her size right now.  So, I would say it runs small. Can't imagine a 6 year old fitting into this one.
Bag works okay as a cosmetic bag but not well as a purse since the handle is too short.  Would not purchase again because of lack of versatility.
I bought this for my boss who has a vacation home high in green mountains of New Mexico and he loves it!  Beautiful pattern
cause i liked it but not that much it had its bad side. its not that bad but still had its not nice sides.
I needed nursing bras desperately and loved how this bra didn't have any wires but seemed supportive enough so that I wasn't sagging. I bought a large according to the sizing info but needed a smaller size. I suggest buying by band width NOT cup size as this bra has A LOT of stretch capacity in the cup. I am a 32-34 band size and got the large...not too bad but should have bought a smaller size for better band support. Still love how comfy it is though. Will be buying more!
I love these jeans.  At 59 yo, I wear a mid rise.  These fit perfectly with just the right amount of stretch.  They do not stretch out when wearing like some jeans do.  Jean sizes/ fit are so inconsistent these days I usually have to buy a 6, which is not my size.  Therefore I ordered a 6 in these, and they were too small.  Reordered in my usual size 8, and they're a perfect fit.  I'm 5'4&#34;, 133 lbs if that helps, bigger in waist.  If you have large legs, they may be too tight for you...mine are thin.
Most think it is silver.  It is a very attractice ring and I love it.  I love the size because I have long fingers.
I was very pleased with these shoes when I initially received them.  I purchased the Black/Green pair here from Amazon and was very happy with them when they arrived.  They are very comfortable and I really liked that fact that they are eco-friendly and all that jazz.However, I'm just now over having worn these shoes for 100 days and they have already begun to deteriorate.  I have 5" rips in the fabric on the inside curve of both shoes where the fabric meets the rubber.  The left shoe has tears higher up towards the heel.  The soles are wearing faster than your typical sneaker as well.  This is all with non-abusive wear.  I untie and retie my shoes every time I take them off or put them on.  I don't skateboard in these shoes nor do I run or any other activity that might be particularly rough on the shoes.  The most use they see is walking across campus to class.Overall, these are very comfortable shoes and a great idea, I just expected a pair of shoes at this price to last at least a year.  I suppose they would be nice if you had another pair to alternate with or these were your after work shoe?  You've been warned.
I don't like it. It looks cheap and is too light to be silver. I would not recomand  it to anyone who appreciate a true silver pieces. I will return mine.
I absolutely love the look of these boots, but they are only tolerably comfortable. They are hard on the ankles and the balls of the feet. I wear them if I know I'm not going to be walking a lot or on my feet for too long. I would live in them if they were more comfortable.
Fit is perfect, cut is perfect, and fabric is fine. overall very satisfied with this product. Price was very good and shipping was pretty quick. Definitely would consider buying this one again.
This suitcase is really eye catching. It is light weight and spins and wheels easily. Also the telescoping handle works well. It has separate zipper compartments on the inside to keep the stuff on top separate from the bottom.
Not bad looking, but the nose bridge is flimsy and difficult to adjust without severely weakening the metal holding the plastic nose pieces. The glasses themselves are nice looking, don't seem to be any better than that $30 sunglasses I got at W**mart a few years ago. Just better looking.Speaking of which, theses glasses also bend out of shape much more easily than the ones I got years ago at W**mart. I left them under a couple bags of groceries in my car one afternoon and they got all twisted around.Anyway, wouldn't recommend these to anyone because they will break easily and you'll just have to buy another pair.Update: broken now; metal so soft it just bends and doesn't fit properly on my head.  Waste of money.
I pissed that i waited so long for a dollar store quality watch that now I will never wear. OMG it was a waste of time and money!!
Product is exactly as advertised.Name brand, not a cheap knockoff.Wife loves them, now I have to order more.
I got these for my wife who recently began keeping bees.  They are small but seem well made.  She loved them and has received many complements about them.
My wife bought me this ring for my wedding band. We were both extremely impressed with the quality. Especially for the price. It looks great. It fits perfect. But the best part is it is tough. I've worn the ring when working on the cars, remodeling the house, etc. Every time I think I have scratched it, its actually the ring that has scratched whatever else I touched. The ring has held up to a lot of abuse and still looks great. For twenty bucks, you cannot beat this. Would definitely recommend.**Update**Over a year later the ring is still in great["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back."] but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.
This is the first pair of running socks like these that I have tired and highly recommend them to anyone that suffers from hot spots when running. Well worth the money and I will be getting more in the near future!
the bag is wonderful this is my 6th Bierkin (look alike) bag and everyone of them is fabulous getting it in yellow next
very attractive, roundish frames. but also very fragile. that's why i bought 3 pair; so i could reuse the same lens. they will last forever if you take really good care of them. but i'm not so careful.
The are very comfy and true to size; however the black sandals does leave black dye on your feet.  Not a good look!
I don't have broad shoulders, and so I look for blouses that can add a slight broadness to my shoulders without shoulder padding. this fit the bill. I also was attracted to the pleating around the waist, which is more forgiving. It is a little long,so keep that in mind if you plan on tucking this into a skirt.
I am not a fashion expert, but I have had more folks comment on these stylin' shoes.  They are comfy and look awesome.
I just adore my glasses. There is a glob of paint or gloss on the bottom of one of the lenses so it makes it looke like a big defect but for $9.00 I'm not complaining, they are cute!!!
usually clarks run a bit small, these DO NOT.  I read the other reviews and thought ok I'll follow her advise and order up one size. BIG mistake.  I did love the shoes but they run true to size, so I am paying return shipping, and getting a pair in my size. They are very well made have a strong heel and I am looking forward to my new pair in a size 9.
These are very small at 5mm but the big problem is the earring backs are really really small and too hard to hold on to. I won't be wearing them much as they are hard to fasten.
Great watch: versatile, stylish, and classic.  I really like the functions available, and the way it feels.  I highly recommend it
very well made. great price for camo overalls,free and decent tune on shipping and receive. most are double or triple in price
I purchased both the large and the medium since I wasn't sure about sizing. I'm 5'3&#34;, 36&#34; bust, 28&#34; natural waist.  The large fit snug laces closed in the back, there was no room to tighten. The medium was perfect because I wanted something that worked more like a corset that I could tighten up. With the medium, once tightened, there is maybe a half inch gap at the laces. Have not experience any quality issues. Very happy with the purchase.Ps. The return of the large was super simple and I had no problems with the refund.
I really liked it! For the price, a very nice watch! I got it as a gift for my husband and he really liked it! I think he even liked it more after all the compliments he got on it...lol! It is a heavy watch (just to let you know)And, I guess the only thing I would say bad about it is, I wish it had a little bit more of a shine to it...but that's it. But, overall and for the price, very nice!
It was a birthday gift for my husband. He is happy with it. It look great on him and the quality seems good. I will know better once it is washed. I thought that it would be thicker but he would probably be too warm if it were. It arrived quickly and was presented in a really nice gift box of great quality. I thought it was a little pricey but I looked at several others and they were all in the same range. Also he loves the color and so do I. this was the only one I found in that color.
It has held up very well.  Typical Dickies product sturdy material.  My only wish is that it came in woman's sizes and different colors.
I got these jeans after Christmas, the fit was great but the seam of the right leg started at the side but twisted around to the front at the knee.  Returned for a replacement, second pair fit great without twisted seams.  Quality control should have caught the first pair before it left the factory.  Reduced rating by 3 stars due to quality issue, added 1 star back (3-star rating) because of the great fit.
Looked just as pictured. Fit as expected. Felt comfortable wearing. Would recommend to anyone to purchase. Pretty pattern and nice having that extra bit in front.
This earings are just what i imagined, they are elegant, beautiful, great design, love it! You can wear it either to work or to an elegant event.
I could only afford three shirts with my Amazon gift card, so I bought this one, another Mountain shirt and a carton of Tuscan Whole Milk. Big fat mistake.First off, I've been drinking Tuscan Whole Milk for months and it has given me the power of the Tuscan cows so I can fight crime and stuff. When the package arrived in the mail I found that the Tuscan Cows must've stampeded or something and the three wolves were trampled to death. I don't want a shirt with dead wolves on it. It's gross. The mailman was even kinda leery of it as there was blood dripping from the box.Anyway, my Breakthrough Wolf tee held up and might've drunk all the Tuscan Whole Milk, since it was spilled all over the shirt...
This blouse just could not be any cuter! It runs true to size and I absolutely love it. The fabric is just as soft as can be. My only 'issue' would be the band under the bust only goes across the front--I would have preferred it go completely around the blouse. The packing was extraordinary--I ordered 4 items and they came wrapped in tissue paper with a Patty sticker to hold closed, really, very impressed, especially for the price.
Wanted to get a nice and stylish dress shirt for going out. Got exactly what i wanted, except it was way too tight. I know, it does say Slim Fit, and my usual size for shirts are mediums. But I could hardly breathe in a medium. So please double check your sizes carefully before purchase. Other than that, I love it. I'll just have to re-gift this to someone skinnier than I am.
These shoes are so lightweight, I couldn't believe that it was shoes in the box. And so comfortable - most comfortable shoes I have. The shoes look exactly like the picture. I will definitely buy them again. They shipped in just a few days.
I posted a picture so people could get a better idea how it looked on an actual hand since there weren't many video reviews found on Youtube. As the other reviews stated, it is a very heavy watch and is actually quite large for smaller wrists. I have a dressy bulova silver diamond watch but didn't want to wear that casually as I wanted to keep it for just special occasions. I wanted a large watch similar to the Fossil Stella aluminum watches (www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B005975PFE/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_dav) , but a tad but more classy that can both be dressed up or dressed down depending on the occasion. overall, I would recommend this item to someone who is looking for that happy medium between both elegant and casual.
The visor is as advertised and really doesn't give you a headache! However, when placing an order be careful because if you order several visors, each in different color, the final order at checkout doesn't reflect the color of each visor. I received a blue and a white visor when I thought I'd ordered one red and one white.
I absolutely love this blanket! Its so warm, and just as realistic as the image above! I'm a huge Taylor Swift fan and I love it.
Very cute shoes at a good price! Now I just have to get used to wearing heels again!  Thanks much
I am a size 12 and the L fits perfectly. This has good full coverage for those days when you really need it. Saving up to buy a few more pairs. I have been very carefully hand washing and air drying them. Seems like it will last for a while. Here's a tip for life kids: If you do feel that there is a lingering odor in any of your clothes, a bit of baking soda while you wash it does the trick. x
This watch is nearly perfect for me, and at under $10 it is an unbelievable value. I would have liked to rate it about 4.75 out of 5, but as that's not possible I've rounded it up to 5 stars.I think the all-black watch looks good, and it is not too large for ["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted."] use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you
This is a really cool looking watch with full of features.  Great price for what you get.  I especially like the 200m water resistance, good for diving.  I also like having both analog and digital display on one watch.  When you got the stop watch going on the digital display, you can still see the time on the analog hands.The only minor glitch I noticed was that sometimes, the analog hands get in the way of the digital display, like when you have the stopwatch going and it's say, 11:05.  The analog hands partially cover up the digital display, so you have to tilt the watch around to see.  I guess that's the disadvantage of having analog and digital.I still like the watch a lot.
I will rate 3 categoriesLooks - 5Durability - 5Function - 4I give function a 4 because of the illumination system.  The watch was advertised having afterglow, which I thought it meant when the backlight goes out, the display would still glow for a little bit.  This is not the case and I still don't understand what "Afterglow" is.  Because of this it makes the watch difficult to operate in the dark.  If you are in complete darkness and the snooze alarm starts to go off, you can not use the watches illumination system to navigate through the menus to turn the alarm off.Other than that, the thing is a tank.  I have no trouble reading the display in normal lighting conditions. Navigating through menus and setting up the watch is pretty user friendly.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece and she loved it! I could even see myself using it. ;o)
Looked at several 1D backpacks, this is the best I found at reasonable price. It could be a little wider, but it should work for my 5th grader.
My fiance loves her ring. I know diddly about Jewelry, but everyone who's looked at it so far says it's beautiful.  Best deal I found not doubt.  Very fast shipping, Thanks!
I have a lot of leg, foot and lower back issues due to severe bone breaks several years ago.  These are the only shoes that allow me to walk pain-free for hours at a time.  I have a new spring to my step and my posture is corrected wearing this shoe.  The shoe cushions the entire body well.  Actually, this shoe feels like a sneaker.  I would not purchase this model as a dress shoe as it's more for casual wear.  The black color hides the large outsole.  With other colors (brown), the large outsole is more visible.  This years model(s) sport(s) the new low-profile outsole which looks better than the previous years model(s).  As the other reviewer noted, this is a heavy shoe.  Every pair of MBT I own is heavy - this is three pairs total.  I would rate this a five out of five, but the weight and styling bring it down a star.  However, the feel is remarkable!  Sometimes one has to sacrifice style for comfort!
I bought this after seeing all of the 5 star reviews but thought from the picture the costume looked cheesy.  I was so wrong.  The costume is awesome and my 4 year old son LOVES it.  Now when his twin sister wears her princess dress, he can wear his prince charming costume.  Only problem is he tends to steal the show, he is SOOOOO darn adorable in it.
I read all the reviews and newspaper articles about 3WM t-shirt.  I admit I was a little skeptical, and some naysayers told me all the reviews were fake and it was some kind of joke.  Well, I got the shirt in the mail yesterday and the jokes on them now.  I thought something was odd because my mailbox was making a deep humming vibration, I thought it was a mild earthquake.  I opened the mailbox and the vibration was coming from the package.  The power of the shirt was literally oozing from the package.I don't like wearing shirts brand new so I threw it in the washing machine.  An unexpected benefit was that all my worn out clothes that I washed with it came out like new.  Even my torn jeans looked brand new.  I think I'm going to be saving a lot of money on clothes and Oxyclean from now on.  I put the shirt on and I could immediately feel the difference.  Colors looked brighter, everything was easier to lift (I think I got stronger), and I started to get a lot of looks.Of course I wanted to get a picture of myself in the shirt so I leaned back on my sweet '04 Honda Civic (blue with automatic transmission) and had my wife snap a picture.  I'm going to have my car dyno'ed because I think it gained at least 20hp just from leaning up on it.I'm going on a trip to Reno with some friends of mine next week and I plan on wearing this shirt the whole trip.  My wife says I shouldn't because people may make fun of me because they won't "get it".  I think she's just trying to say anything to keep me from wearing it because she knows the effect it has on the ladies.  I'll pack it in my bag anyway just in case.If you're having self-doubts about making this purchase, don't.  Put it in your cart immediately, you won't be disappointed.
I received this watch today. Thank you Amazon for fast shipping (lousy packing, but the neither watch box nor watch itself was hurt).Perfectly comfortable. Easy instructions. Great functionality.All-around delighted by this great looking timepiece.I've been wearing it and playing with it since it arrived about 5 hours ago (I should have spent more time actually working...), and having gone through all the functions and settings, I have found no (ZERO) negatives.Highest recommendations.Update... Day 2.I wore the watch all day yesterday and forced a synch with the atomic clock at 6:39 PM. It worked flawlessly and caught a 'L3' signal even in the hills where I live.Last night I put it on my desk and at 12:04 this morning it re-synched automatically.This is a truly outstanding watch. I am wearing it again this morning and probably will all weekend. BTW... this kind of watch is usually not my style. I have worn mechanical Swiss watches for years; mostly automatics. This is my 3rd G-Shock and is my favorite by leaps and bounds.Great watch.Update...After a little over 2 weeks I can say that this is the best digital watch I've ever owned. It rarely leaves my wrist. I wear it to work, the gym, hiking... everywhere.When I don't feel it necessary to put on a 'dress' watch, this is what I wear.The buttons are easy to push. The dial is easy to read. It's incredibly functional... and great looking!Again, the absolute highest recommendations.
This is the first bad review I have done ever. I got the item promptly, but honestly thats it, the quality is poor. The panels don't line up where they are sewed together making everything crooked. The hat also looks like it was smash at some point. I wouldn't recommend the purchase.
my ameruricn shor hair cat butt do not look like that amerecin short hair catbutt. it has more hair there at that.
The scarf arrived quickly, through Amazon Prime (yes!). The color is beautiful, the size is good and it fills my need for a navy scarf. I have absolutely no complaints!
My son really wanted a mood ring. All I could find were girly choices. This is a masculine style ring and good for a boy. It works well but the color band is pretty narrow.
Product shown as blue, however, what arrived was green. Fit not good but return was easy
I ordered this bag after having seen it in a store. The price was MUCH cheaper on Amazon and I ordered it quickly. When the bag came it was shiny - like patent leather - not the real leather look I wanted. I realized after some searching that the bag I'd seen and liked was the VINTAGE Paulette. I returned the $88 dollar bag and am waiting for the refund. I'll purchase the more expensive "vintage" style after the refund processes. Still a pretty handbag- just not what I wanted.
This is a really good looking ladies watch, plus it has my favorite feature of pushing the stem and having the watch face light up.  This is especially great during a boring movie, play, opera, etc., to tell you how much time you have left before you can get out.  Or going on a trip and waking up in the middle of the night and being able to see the time.["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you']o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.
Very comfortable fit that remains unchanged after two years of wear. The lens does not add color, so everything looks natural. Polarized lens cut glare considerably.The lens' can get scratched up rather easily, so be cautious and keep them in a case or the bag included. I highly recommend these glasses.
Well....this shoe is definitely lighter color than the picture.  It is a shiny light silver and the stones are a pinky/blue.  Not for dress wear at work for sure or if you want to be taken seriously...I usually  am a 7 1/2 or 8 shoe but this has a large toe area so even with insoles they did not fit..I ordered an 8. I think there are better options out there.
I am delighted with this bra! I actually bought the first of this style at a department store because I wanted to be able to try on many different brands and styles. This was the winner by far, so I've come to Amazon to order more (priced much more competitively here). The fabric is soft and smooth, and the straps are wide and padded without being overly matronly. I am a 36DD and the fit is a dream, true to size and so comfortable. I definitely look like I've lost five pounds, and my shirts all fit so much better. I am much happier with my silhouette in this bra! The fit minimizes without sacrificing natural shape or comfort. I feel lighter and more carefree. The back doesn't ride up, and although it's only a two-hook closure (at my size, three-hooks seemed pretty standard) the back is still super comfortable and sufficient in coverage. (My back is completely smooth in this bra, unlike the slight indentations I used to get from other bras.) Seriously, I cannot say enough good things about this bra. I plan to stock up. If only there were more color options! Do yourself a favor and try this bra; I don't think you will disappointed.
Beautiful watch, dead on arrival, new battery, still dead. Opened the case, and the face was just kind of flopping around inside there.. looked like they had just purchased a cheap swiss movement and plopped it in there haphazardly.. Sad, I really liked this watch.
I really love this shoe. The fabric is lovely and it's comfortable. It looks really nice on the foot. I have only 1 problem, the toe of the shoe is stuffed with tissue paper and then there is a plastic bar which goes from the tissue to the strap to maintain shape. However, the bar was too long and stretched the elastic in the middle of the sling back strap. with the pair I received the elastic was stretched out and fit loosely. I'm keeping them but still trying to figure out how I can shorten the piece of elastic in the middle of the strap.
My son loved his hat. He is 7 and loves bad piggies. The fit is great because he is out of the little boys hats
Purchased these for mother in law with rheumatoid arthritis, she wears them daily!  She usually doesn't wear shoes with hard soles due to pain in her feet but these shoes have helped her to restore her balance.  I would definitely recommend.
I read through the other reviews and saw that the sleeves run a little small, so I bought the dress 1 size up.  The sleeves are still a little tight at the elbow, but it's not uncomfortable.  The fabric is nice and thick.  The bow lays flat and isn't overwhelming.  There isn't as much stretch as some of the other dresses, but that's not a complaint, just an observation.I am so excited for Fall to come so I can wear this dress!
This is a great deal for a watch of this quality. It doesn't have a screw down crown which is weird, but I'm not going diving with this watch. It's for looks and it tells the time so I'm happy with it.Another commenter was disappointed with the watch because it wasn't of Rolex quality. It is a $62 dollar watch not a $6,200 watch. And it is a five star $62 dollar watch too.
I was looking for a great pair of summer wedges for a long time and decided to go with these as they are quite simple in their design. The quality is amazing and they are really comfortable - can wear them for hours! My feet are narrow but the shoe stays on well. They fit true to size, I am a 6.5 in all of my other shoes.
Broke my foot, needed something warm, stylish and safe to go on the other one!  These boots are very well made, comfortable, and stylish too.  I ordered them in my usual size (despite the other remarks).  I think what happens is that the fuzzy insides get compressed and feel slightly loose, but the boot itself has not stretched (yet anyway.  If you like your shoes to fit snug, order 1/2 size smaller, otherwise order what you normally do.  I've been wearing this one boot for 3 weeks now and it still looks new.  Even in rain outside.  Well made, good quality materials, I think they will last a long time.
I wanted a comfy boot for the long walk to the train station that would keep my feet toasty without suffocating them. I have runner's calves, so I can't ever find long boot shafts that fit. These look just as elegant under classic slacks as they do with jeans. They feel like my kitchen clogs--so comfortable for all-day wear. But they didn't tolerate even a month of Chicago winter. They're stained from the salt after just 1 month, so I'd recommend rubbing them down with a protectant of some sort. Also, a front snap fell off right after a weekend of travel to the NE during a big snowstorm there. I'm sure all of these things are fixable by a good cobbler, which I'll do because I love the comfort so much, but I just wanted to inform others of some of its wear-and-tear and how to prevent it. True-to-size fit (I normally wear 8B in dress shoes and got an 8M).
Great Product, Its really elegant and fancy,  but is also sturdy and built to the Invicta specifications, overall a beautiful watch.
Love this bag, obviously this is my second!  My first bag is still in good shape but because I love this bag for travel I purchased the second bag for when needed. This bag is the perfect size for me when traveling for all my personal items as well my electronics. Fits in overhead easily and on escalators. Perfect addition to my other travel bags.
I purchased this charm about a year ago to add to my authentic Pandora bracelet and had very low expectations, was expecting it to not fit and/or tarnish.  Well, it's been almost a year and the charm is in excellent condition!!  Fit my bracelet perfectly and the price was great!  Highly recommend it!!
I bought these and love them as I have loved acorns I have had before but have been wearing these for just over a month and one of the seams started coming out weeks ago. I don't have the box anymore so can't return them and am not happy - Dr. Ann Goelitz
I bought this bracelet when I was just starting out with beads. Since it has that screw off end, I thought it would be great to get beads off and on with and, at that time, did not think it mattered if the bracelet was sterling or not.And it really depends on how many times you will take your beads on an off of this. I have only done so twice and the plate is still on the bracelet and the screw still works like a charm. I put brown beads on it and am happy with it, so it probably will not be taken apart.I agree with the first reviewer about the size of the clasp. It is quite small and I have to get someone to help me with this.But all in all, for the price, it is a good deal, but only if you plan to put the things on and forget it. It does take sterling to put up with the on and off and piddling around that one can do to rearrange beads and charms. Especially for girls and parties, you need a bracelet that stands up to LOTS AND LOTS of handling. This is more of a one time gig than something which will stand up to the pressures of being opened and shut multiple times!For something that will handle the hard knocks, get sterling.
I bought these shoes and wore them for the fi["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses."]my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.
Very nice product and it works great.  Keeps a lot of little debris off our kitchen floor.  Just remember you need to bolt it down to a larger board for your other foot to stand on when brushing the opposite boot/shoe.  Screws are included.
I absolutley LOVED this little zookeeper outfit.  I was surprised at how nice this item was.  The fabric was thick and felt like a high quality material.  I was able to find a pair of work boots that went perfectly with it and I think my little man made the cutest zookeeper ever!
product much too long to receive.  the dials on the watch are much too small to read.  also the watch has a perculiar smell to it when i got it.  hopefully the smell will go away in time.  most of all i was disapponted that the watch did not come in a timely manner and the dials were hard to read. this is the first order on amazon that i have received that i was disappointed in.
I'm going to be a freshman in college and was looking for shoes to wear when I go out. I loved the Jeffrey Campbell lita boots but there was no way I could afford them. I found these on here and fell in love. It took me a while to give in and buy these, but I am so happy I did. They are incredibly comfortable (which I was not expecting) and adorable. I know that some reviews aren't always reliable, mostly because I am a skeptic myself, but these shoes are a MUST! I have a bad ankle and can't wear heels but these don't bother me. It's literally like walking on a cloud! I am definitely recommending this to all my friends!!Ps:  I am usually a size 7.5 and the 7 for perfectly!!!I hope this review helped and I hope that you love your shoes as much as I do!!!
I bought the supernova cushion 6 and went in search of the 7 to replace it. Discovered the microbounce prostar and think that adidas has me hooked on their shoes. Good cushioning, great arch support, solid shoe! See you out on the road!
First of all I got my wig expedited because I needed it for the same weekend. It shipped less than an hour after I placed my order and i was signing for it two days later! It was so fast! Second of all, this is by far my favorite wig, it arrived in perfect condition and its so soft and silky, I can run my fingers through it and brush it without messing it up at all. Also it's LOOOONG you cant really tell in the picture but it came down to my butt, which was a good surprise. The dusky, flat color and the way it feels made some people think it was actually real! This is a great wig, especially for the price. If you don't mind paying a little extra for expedited shipping then I think its worth it, as I have read that some people waited even a whole month before getting theirs. Definitely buying here again! I'm even tempted to get the other colors too!
It has been nearly 2 months since I've ordered a pair of Doc Martens.. Why haven't I received them yet? Has this happened to anyone else? I don't know what to do now.
The shoes arrived on time and were shipped well packaged. We love them! The color is great and they are very fun to wear. Even the size was correct.
Perfect weight for Seattle weather.  It has pretty buttons and hand washes like a dream.  Shipping takes a long time but the product is worth it!
I get compliments on this jacket all the time.  it's a perfect weight for work or as a lightweight coat.
I'm a letter carrier so I live on my feet for the whole day. These waffle stompers are the best thing I've worn in 20 years! Even the first day was nice, no break in period.
When I first saw this bracelet, it was a must have. I kept looking back and forth at it over and over again until I finally decided to purchase it. Everyone that have seen it just admired and LOVED it. So if one's looking for a stunning piece of jewelry, I'd advise you to purchase this one.
this month i bought some costumes from amazon n watever i got not good i think amazon dont have good seller n choices in costumes lines  i send all costume back but this 1 is nice n good quality i m giving it 4 star coz my son get irretate wen i made him wear so i m gonna return it ...but i love it
The check book cover meeted my expectations!  It was something different that I was used to but it works the same way! just love it!  Thank you Amazon, it is beautiful!
I've been wearing it for about 2 weeks now and my hips are down 3 inches! Its not uncomfortable to wear and it doesn't slip.. When you sit it does roll a little at the bottom but that doesn't bother me. I would recommend this to any of my friends.
It looks like a necklace but it is flat like a mat. Fun to add to many tops. It is shiny so it somehow feels more formal-wear.
I bought this bonnet for my granddaughter for her costume as Little Bo Peep for Halloween.  She is 7 years old and the medium was perfect.It was a great addition to her dress!
Each guy has their own preference in boxers.  I prefer boxers that are comfortable, have some stretch to them, and do not appear to be made of cheap materials.  If you have similar preferences, these boxers will suit you well.  I have larger thighs with a waistband in the 40 inch range.  These XL boxers fit great for me.  I will be buying these again when I need more.  With a price of $15 for 3 of them, it's not a bad bargain either.
I wanted to love this boot but didn't. My legs literally swam in these. The top of the boot was so big that even with jeans tucked in, they stuck out to the point of looking silly. Good for larger legs though.
awesome deal and awesome price. if you're on the fence about it, just buy it. I should have bought more in other colors
Russel A,Please pre-wash your fabrics before assembling them !! Your t shirts use to be flawless.  I would appreciate a product that would keep its size after the first cycle of washing, not shrinking by one size... i had your shirts for five years lasting and now they shrink! what happened to quality control? Disappointment---people buy 1-2 sizes larger for comfort. still a nice shirt...
I got this costume for my bf, I ordered it in a Large and the Sent an X-Large but not enough time to return it with Halloween parties this weekend!  There are no actual studs on it, it is just painted onto the fabric!  I did like how it came with the boot covers and mask as well as the whole body suit which was great but unfortunately the mask broke the 1st time he tried it on!  Not the best quality but has the Kiss Demon Child look for the right price!
My son used this to do a presentation on Leonites an ancient Greek navel commander.  He got 90% and looked great.
It arrived a week or two before the standard shipping said it might take, so that was good. It was packaged nicely and delivered easily through my mailbox.I am quite satisfied with it, the shirt itself looks great!However, I can't say that the quality was top-notch, but it's nothing major- just a few stray threads that I can quickly cut off.Overall, I am very pleased with the product["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size."]r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.
I bought a more expensive version but this one is sooo much better. I love this one much more ariel like.
After scanning dozens of ads for watch bargains, I chose this Invicta for a little Christmas gift to myself - what a good decision it was! Be aware, this is a big heavy watch for a big guy: it is not thin, it is not lightweight - but oh, it is impressive!PresentationIf you're giving it as a gift, be prepared to be amazed. The bright yellow molded case, its suede-like interior, cleaning cloth, accompanying manual - all what you'd expect for a much more expensive product. Anyone getting this as a gift will be impressed.Appearance. Though somewhat thick, this watch has a simple, beautiful face that looks even better in person - big arabic numerals and masculine design of the hands make it easy to read at a glance. Good placement of the day and date, to my taste. I didn't test it in water, much less to any depth, but the bezel does turn with a precise click. The band is a beautiful combination of polished and brushed stainless steel - precisely built and solid - a nice feel to the clasp as well. The band is very big - prepare to have a few links removed. The jeweler who did it for me thought it was much more expensive.Operation. After two weeks, this watch is still accurate nearly to the second - no kidding. The operation is simple and the instructions are generally clear and illustrated - with it's quartz movement, it's about as low-maintenance as I suppose you can get. But here is my complaint: why don't the instructions tell you how to operate the divers bezel?! And just what is a tachymeter? Does everyone but me know how to work these? My other gripe: the hands and numerals are supposed to glow in the dark, but they're not really bright enough to read well in total darkness - it'd be nice to have that Timex Indo-glo feature that lights up the entire face. But hey, I like it anyway!Final opinion: Quality watch, real bargain (especially at $50).
I wasn't sure from the picture whether I would like these, but when they came in the mail and I tried them on, they were simply perfect! They're a good length (the satiny fabric stops at the crease between the thigh and buttocks) and the lace goes about 1" further. I'm 5'5" and 120lbs., and the SMALL size worked for me (hopes this helps with sizing)!
It's so soft and very comfortable. I like it so much.Unfortunately, it shed sometimes. I think it's the only shortcoming for this stuff.
Okay so I know these are much cheaper then UGGs and I shouldn't be expecting too much, but these are extremely cheap in every way. Yes, they are cow suede (and I guess sheep "fur" inside), but the cheapest kind you may imagine. Soles are hard and inflexible. The inside loses its fuzziness after 1-2 wears and attracts all kinds of dirt. Gross.However, if you still want to get these, size up only if you wear half-sizes. In my case, size 8 for my 7.5 feet was a good fit, but I wouldn't go a full size up. I would not buy these again and would not recommend them to anyone. I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 because they're warm.
I purchased this bag because of another Tommy Hilfiger bag I purchased a few months back that I love. This bag is so nice! It's really soft, beautiful leather and the lining is very rich looking. It's not too big like all those mommy bags that girls are using that must weigh a ton. This is a medium size but could hold a lot if you needed it to. The straps are a great length, not too long and it sits right where you need it to, about the hip area. This is the nicest bag of it's size that I've seen, for a lot less money then the others. Great buy, super stylish and looks like a million bucks, I love it!!
I really like this shirt it's soft and fit very well, but when I washed it according to the directions the lace part had a lot of fibers coming from it. I fixed it up and it's still very nice I just wish the lace was more durable, I'm afraid to wash it again. Otherwise I'm very happy with this purchase.
These fit just as stated. They are super comfortable. I have gotten tons of compliments on them...and then I tell people that they aren't actually made out of jean material and they go nuts. I think I may need a second pair:)
This is more about Amazon than the earings. My wife loves them, and I think she looks great in them, so we're very happy. She has a box full of jewelry that I bought her that she never wears, that's where Amazon comes in. First I bought a diamond bracelet, but Duh, she can't really wear it all the time. Amazon took it back and issued a refund three days later. Then we researched clarity, color online and customer reviews.I'm a grumpy old man, and I don't tolerate poor customer service. I've fired a lot of online services but I alway come back to Amazon. I think you have to be cautious with outside vendors offered through Amazon, but you can alway check the ratings, and even better you can call (I did that with an unbelievable $100 wool suit). Hence the rare 5 stars.
I ordered this ring and love it!!!  I just wish it had two bands not just one!!!  I would highly recommend this ring!!  The ring still shines like new!!  The heart shape diamond and the other diamonds look so real!!  Love it!!!!
I have been using this bag everyday for over two years.  I ordered a new one to replace it.I just started changing things over and realized that they have eliminated one of theinterior zipper pockets and also gotten rid of the magnet for the outside pocketrendering it useless to me as the pocket just stays open when I put my phone init so that I am afraid it (and anything else I put in it) will fall out.Guess I will spot clean the old one until I can find something similar but withevery thing this one used to have.
I LOVE this ring.  The ring is true to size - the size 6 I ordered fits perfectly.  The filigree pattern is adorable.  The ring is solid and sturdy, and the stone setting is tight.  The stone is a nice size and color (darker blue than other topaz I have) and wears comfortably.  Buy it, you won't be sorry.
This bag is rubbish, don't waste your money on dis trash. I actually threw mine away. its not worth a dollar.
After being diagnosed with Morton's Neuromas, I found that shoe fit became very important to me.  I have been purchasing Grasshopper shoes for the past couple of years and find them to be a good fit, fairly comfortable, nice arch support, and the right price.  If I could afford to buy better quality shoes, I would, but, since I can't, I find the Grasshoppers (all styles) the next best thing.
I got this for my almost 3 year old son because he absolutely LOVES Woody and Toy Story in general.It got here Super fast (I had Prime at the time) and was made well.The hate wasn't my favorite,but I already had one I bought from the Disney Store on Ebay I'm going to use instead.I think the sizing is average to running small.It fits my son now and he is over 3 ft tall and 30 pounds.He didn't want to take it off.I just hope it doesn't get too small for him.I plan on letting him play in it after Halloween :)
This is a really large bag which I love. My only concern is that the sequins look like they are roughed up and could fall off easily. I really like the skull design and the size of the bag. It holds everything.
I was worry at first order my usual size 8m, thinking it might be too narrow on the front by looking at the photo. The shoe arrived super fast, the color actually look little darker than the picture show on the website. When I put them on and walk around the house, it feels very comfortable. The style of this shoe give a nice curve lo["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April."]l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.
This watch is wonderful,more than happy with it..the only thing is that i set it the hours/days wrong and now is going a little bit forward,what can i do?but beside that this watch deserve any money...:X..
We got these for all the grandsons,  they love them since they're easy to get on and off and keep their feet cozy warm and they wear well even with rough boys. Not waterproof but great for cold days when they need something warm on their feet.They look forward to getting the every year.
I am very satisfied with this holiday gift purchase and so is the recipient.  Very good quality and reasonable price.
This ring was way above my expectations, I thought it would be nice but it was exquisite.I have had soo many comments on this ring, I love it. My daughter has already decided it will be hers when Im gone, lovely aye!!Would love to buy more.
This bag was exactly what I was looking for.  It was a gift for my wife to replace an older shoulder bag that was falling apart.  She had pretty specific things she liked about the old bag, and this met those needs prefectly.  The material is of high quality, and the inside is a fun pattern.  The pockets are good sizes without being too big.
The dress is TOO BIG TO TUBE TO A METER TO send seamstress AND LEAVING ME UGLY THANK LORDS FOR ASKING
I was worried because this was such a good price. I thought the pendant would be thin like tinsel. I was pleasantly surprised.
The watch is beautiful but it is HUGE, ridiculously HUGE!  I could have put a chain on it, wore it around my neck and been Flavor Flav for Halloween!  I returned it but got another Invicta that was more normal sized.  I knew it was over sized before I bought it but seriously unless you are a 6'8" defensive tackle or have tree trunks for wrists, this watch probably isn't for you.
I bought these when my quest for a backless/strapless bra failed. There is a slight learning curveon placement but I did use them and they did hold even though, I have to admit,I was doubtful. They stayedstuck until I peeled them off. I am a DD size plus size.
it's very confitble an so beauty, i love it !the qulity is good, the size is right! in one word, i love it!
Might be the best pair of shoes I've ever bought.  I have an old pair of Alden's, which are fantastic shoes, maybe the best made.  But they are so expensive now, I turned to AE.  Would be hard pressed to find a better made shoe in this style.  Just great.
I bought this for my girlfriend, they were shipped in the correct amount of time, and the price isn't bad either. They're well made, and she likes the fit... as do I. ;)
I just want to say I bought this jacket for a trip my husband and I are taking and I wanted something that wouldn't take up a lot of room in the suitcase. I was pleasantly surprised at how warm this jacket is! I also want to comment on the odor. Yes, it smells BAD when you get it out of the packaging but I followed the directions on the tag for washing....detergent ONLY...no fabric softener or dryer sheets....and dried it briefly in the dryer and then air dried it the rest of the way and it doesn't smell. At all. So don't let that be a deterrent for purchasing this jacket! So far, it's great!
These were a great find, just like the ones at the Dealership for a significant savings.  The leather was excellent quality and the fit perfect for size.  Would not recommend buying up a 1/2 size like some boots require.
The jeans are very comfortable and appear to be very well put together. I think they will last a very long time.
The same size  and the color also its fashion and beautiful i would like to see thank you so much
This costume was a hit this Halloween. Like most reviewers, the dress the costume comes with is very sheer and doesn't fit right, but a few adjustments here and there work it out. I wore the Gorilla hand with regular jeans and t-shirt at my Halloween party as I didn't want to be the hostess that had to worry about her costume all night. It's a fun costume and gives great photo ops!
I found this bra a good fit giving a good shape. It does what is is suppose to, minimize the bust without giving you a squashed look. Comfortable to wear and reasonably priced. I purchased 2 in different colors and would purchase again.
I love love love the design n got soooo many compliments for it. Ok I bought it 2 years ago but wore it like 10 times all in all. Then the right side fell apart. The wooden base was detached from the fabric. It's like the glue is no longer working. Tried to send it to mending but they say the glue doesn't catch anymore :(. I have older shoes than this one never had this issue before..
These are really cute and fit well--and my 3-yr-old son loved the way they looked. However, no matter how many times we washed them, they caused a rash within thirty minutes of his having them on. A mega-rash---bumps all over his behind that took a few days to go away. So, if your child has sensitive skin at all (and I was not aware that mine did), don't buy these undies. They are layered with dyes--so much so, that the images have a cardboard feel. My son has not had any rash problems with plain old undies.
I only had these about 3 months because once these got damp from getting out of the shower and putting them on, they started stinking and after 3 months I had to chuck them in the trash.  Very disappointing.  The pair I owned previously lasted 18 months (different brand).  If you buy these don't put them on after showering until your feet are dry.
My husband received this necklace for Valentines Day and absolutely loves it.  I do too.  Now I am going to try and find a charm (an eagle preferrably) for the necklace.  We were very pleased with necklace and would order from this company again as they have very good products on website that are reasonably priced.Nancy Sloan
I'm 5'7", 175 lbs, currently kind of apple shaped with long legs, I always have to buy tall, 33 inch inseams when I get jeans.  I love these skirts in XL so much I'm a bit embarrassed to say I own 21 and wouldn't mind a few more colors.  I have noticed some are shorter than others but all hit past my ankle when worn low below the belly button as the picture shows some are so long they have to be folded over and worn at the waist so they don't drag.  Some colors are way off, at first I hated the "purple" as it's really like a port wine color but once I found the right top it's become a favorite.  I bought these because I was looking for something comfortable that would fit now and in the future as my size is changing every couple of weeks since I'm on weight watchers.  I call them my skirt army.  They are incredibly fashionable actually looking a lot like a designer pattern I sewed in the past without all the headache of sewing, I don't think I could actually buy fabric and thread for the price of these skirts.  They look good as shown, folded over or even scrunched up at the waist like faux shirring. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these skirts!Just got the "rust" it's actually pumpkin.  I actually got a compliment from a total stranger on my "pumpkin" skirt 30 seconds after I got out of my car today.  The black, navy, neutrals are all great but it's  the unusual colors that get all the attention. :)11/8/2013, Ok, I have all the colors now, the only one that turned out to be so awfully off and unattractive was the wheat. It's an ugly light muddy yellow. the bag actually said both wheat and light yellow but since I've got the light yellow one I know it's not the same. I still love the skirts but think azules really needs to be required to update the colors, too many of them are way off from the pictures. Lots of the colors are also so close to each other that only holding them up next to each other can you a["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.']t, but seems to be holding up.
First let me start my saying that I have other Citizen perpetual calendar watches and are very familiar with these products.  The watch is large and pretty heavy which is hard to imagine looking at the photo.  The face is beautiful and the silver really is a great look.  The functions are pretty easy to understand (except for the E6B flight wheel which I doubt anyone would ever use, but it looks cool).  I fully believe these are the best watches for the money on the market.  The eco-drive is awesome and makes this unique. The only downside is that the instruction actually for both E81* and E82* movement watches, this is a E820.  The book is for both but they are very different.  The E81 has a annoying flaw in that the crown when pushed all the way in changes the function when turned.  This means that in normal use the function would change by accident and when you look at the watch it may be showing the alarm setting or  something other than the time.  They fixed this on this watch and you need need to pull the crown out to position one to change the function. You have to be careful to go to page 40 in the manual to get the correct procedure for setting the time/date.  I see many have spent lots of time and frustration trying to set the watch with the wrong process.  Great watch!
I bought these shoes for my daughter who wears orthotics.  With these runners she can wear them without her inserts.  She is very happy with them and I would buy them again.
I purchased this cross for my mom and I'm extremely pleased. The product came in very quickly which was really cool because I needed it before her birthday. Its perfect in every way! Its not to big nor to small, the chain is really thin but its very elegant and shiny and the little diamonds are so pretty to look at it looks expensive ;). My mom loved it so that made me really happy. I am very pleased I would definitely recommend this product to anybody who would like to buy a beautiful cross with diamonds for a very economical price.
bought for birth day for my 2 year old little big I can wear it too....adorable well made wand came undone after a year...wings held up make great decor. we love the hair tie daily good for dress up.
As someone with an allergy to contact silver, I am always searching for jewelry that does not have silver, which tends to be the dominant metal of choice.  I was pleased when I ran across the jewelry at Dan's b/c it was pewter, which does not cause my skin to react allergically.The piece looks beautiful on the page, but the pictures honestly do not do it justice.  It is small light-weight, well crafted piece, with a beautiful inset stone.There is also sufficient clearance space to use different kinds of necklace chain's.  Unfortunately the black-twine necklace length enclosed with the piece also irritates my skin, but it was inexpensive for me to provide my own silk rope chain, and the large eye hole accommodated the new clasps wonderfully (Which is not always the case with some jewelry).
I just ordered these & put them on this morning, I absolutely love these shorts.  They fit perfectly on a mature women's body.  They are high waisted so they cover my belly & are soft & comfortable!  Love Love Love these shorts.  I am ordering more today.  They also have some little rhinestons on the slit on hem & on pockets, but not too much so they are pretty.
These boots fit like a glove, are easy to wear with just about anything while maintaining the integrity of a boot that keeps your feet warm and dry.  Recommend these boots and seller to all women.
I gave this as a gift to my mother and she loves it! I would have liked it to be just a little thicker, but for this price it is perfect. The colors are beautiful and it really shines. A great present.
The sweater came way to small. So if you are a extra large you need to buy a XXXL. The sizes are tailered to Asians there large is our small. So be carefull if you still decide to order.Also I found that the bottons on the shirt was too flimsy and would eventually pop off.
These are pretty fantastic for running on the road. Probably good on other surfaces that resemble roads too. Like streets.
I got these the other day and found that they are a snug fit. They seem to run small, should have ordered a 1/2 size bigger. Very different from my Ryka's. The soles are weird but I have to say my shins don't hurt anymore. It feels like wearing platform shoes. I wish the toe area was wider. I guess I like a bit more wiggle room in my shoe. I do like the breathable material, you can feel the air whirling through as you run so this is good for summer however winter will be a problem. I am going to give it a week to see if they just need to be broken in.*Update on my review. I originally rated 3 stars but have changed. I stated they ran small but guess that was due to the one shoe being smaller than the other. Day two I found that the right toe box area was much tighter than the left. So I grabbed a tape measure and sure enough the right was smaller. However I think the shoe over all runs narrow cause it felt really snug on my heels. I usually always ran in my Rykas so I was not used to the feeling of being higher off the ground with all that sole. Guess it's just me but I felt too unsure running in them and constantly felt as though a rock or pebble would get stuck in between the zigs. I had to keep stopping to check.
Very sturdy and strong! Great color representation. Fits nicely in back pocket. Holds just enough. Has a place for I.D. money and a few cards.
Disapointed when I first got the ring in my hand.The flower is much more flat compared to the vivid look on the picture. The color is way different from what it looks on the picture as well, much brighter. This makes the ring looks un-balanced and cheap.I won't order it if I had ever a chance to put it on my finger.Won't bother to return though as I've already paid $5 for S&H;.
Pearl is even larger than I thought it would be, with beautiful luster and color as show online. The diamond and gold setting is substantial and lovely. Great deal!
The boots are extremely comfortable and very stylish.  The fit is very true to size.  I would highly recommend these shoes.
These would fit teenagers and not most adults. However, the quality of the sleeves is overall acceptable for non-strenuous activities.
Great color and great comfort!!!!  I would recomment this shoe to others.  My first time with the Puma brand and will buy more.  Thanks!
These are so sparkly and clear I can't believe I got these at this price!! I will mos.. Definitely buy again and again!!! Customer service is superb!! Trust me I am a stickler. You won't regret it!!
I love this flip flop, and I'm so disappointed that it doesn't fit right. While it has the potential to be very comfortable, the length is SHORT! I always fit well in size 9 shoes, but my heel was flush with the end of the foot bed on this sandal. This wouldn't be a deal-breaker except that there is a lip at the end that makes it uncomfortable.
I saw reviews that these run small, I am usually an 8.5-9 and so I purchased a 9; they are still tight on my feet!!  Love the shoe, but would recommend using caution on the size.  Will likely buy in other colors, and a larger size ;)
These containers are great for storing hooks, bead heads, and other small materials used for fly tying.  If you have a label maker, a 3/8" label fits perfectly, so it is easy to label the containers and quickly open the stack to the appropriate item.  If you prefer to keep some or all of the containers elsewhere, the rows in the organizer also fit spools of tying thread perfectly.
Absolutely adorable. Perfect size. The strap/handle broke and came un-threaded after wearing for only five minutes!! I walked to the car after going to the gas station and as I got into the car I noticed the strap. So disappointed. It was so cute =(.
Inexpensive raincoat that my son loves!  It repels rain well, packs well (I fold then roll it to eliminate wrinkling.  This is plastic-y fabric so it won't last forever-you cannot be rough with it like, say, catching it on a d["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.', 't, but seems to be holding up.']eeds to break in shoes like these?! There is a felt pad on the ball of the sole which is a bit slippery on tile, but my office features carpet and they're perfect on that surface.No arch support, which I normally need, but since I'm desk bound at work, that doesn't bother me. They aren't walking shoes, after all.I'm also a big fan of the pewter color, only because it's such a wonderful chameleon. Grey slacks, black slacks, skirts, it works with any outfit. It almost goes with brown, since the metallic finish reflects a bit of that shade. But it's a tad off.
My fiance and I recently purchased this ring to be used as my engagement ring.  Although the ring is pretty it is nothing like its picture portrayed it to be. The side stones are so small, you can barely see them under the large prongs that hold them in place. The bright silver overpowers the color of the stones and makes them hard to see.  Although my fiance is not happy with the ring, I have decided to keep it, because its my engagement ring, and I don't want to wait for another.  I don't mind that its small and dainty, I just wish we could see the stones better.
Title says it all! The scarf is warm and durable. Withstands washing. And is plenty big enough to wrap around even a large neck.
These shoes are very comfortable and trendy. U can wear them with anything. You can dress them up or dress them down. Also to take them on trips where you know there will be lots of walking involved !!!!
Ok, I used this from the US to London.  It held up very good.  And the spinner part...well I'll never go back to the other kind.  I placed my smaller bag on top of this and guided them thru the airport with ease.  Love it love it!
My son loves these sneakers, I have always hated light up sneakers, but not for the reason you might think -light up sneakers are usually very heavy and stiff and I never buy them for him no matter how he cries. But thanks to PUMA they have made these light weight and stylish, you seriously cannot go wrong with Pumas. These are kid friendly shoes.  They do run about 1/2 a size to full size too small, so order the next size up. The navy toe and heel reduce the amount of scuff marks too.
These are the best ever crocs.  Warm, can wear outside or inside.  Like all crocs, can get into and out of easily.  My son thinks they are they greatest.  I even slip them on and run through the snow to get mail.
I already had this style in grey. Absolutely love them. Waked all over New York City in them.Was so excited when I saw that they had this great Blue color.
Loved the shoes.  The 6 inch heel is going to take some getting used to but I look forward to it.  The seller delivered ahead of schedule, shoes were as advertised and fit well.  I'll buy from them again.
Well-sized for a child to wear, but the color combination of pink and black also makes it more sophisticated and less typically "childish." Appears to be well made, and I'm looking forward to giving this to my 7-year-old niece.
The product, Hanes Men's 4 Pack Tartan Wovn Boxer Short, is advertised as 100% cotton.  What I actually received is 55% cotton, 45% polyester.
it's accurate and very helpful, no more nervous moments in the airport...easy to use too. The good reviews are justified.
I lusted this bag the moment I saw it.  Waited for it to go on sale and finally bought the black one.  That was almost two years ago, it is my daily bag that is thoroughly abused, and it STILL looks good as new, and I'm not sick of it (though I wouldn't mind getting one in red just for a little variety!  Santa, please?).  This is one of those rare instances where I felt like spending the extra money for a quality product actually made a big difference.  I don't anticipate having to replace this purse for several more years, and hope when that day comes they still make THIS bag.
Whenever I work out I always got that crack sweat mark and my downstairs couldn't breathe. I didn't like to wear underwear working out in tight running capris because panty lines would make me feel self conscious. Not in these babies!!They breathe very nicely and there's no unsightly panty marks that are noticeable. They hug you in all the right ways and I forget they're on. I don't feel sweaty down there when I wear them either.I squirm at the thought of buying one pair of underwear for that much money, especially when I would just be wearing them while working out, but it's well worth the money and I adore these panties. I will be purchasing more.
This is cute, I do wish you could adjust the length of the chain. It seems too long to me.
I have purhased three pairs of New Balance shoes recently size 12-4e they all seem to be a different sizes. I only have one pair that I can wear comfortably.my new balance MW978 seems to have one shoe smaller than the other.I most likely will not purchase any more New Balance shoes.Mike Hall
Thick fabric makes this more supportive.  Great color, great cut, does the job well.  I'm a 36 C and this is a tiny bit big on me, but I know the M would have been to small.
My wife did not like because chain had tarnish in some areas, said she tried to clean it but it did not remove.
This looks hot. Fits my partner (135-ish lbs. w/ curves) very well. Can be pulled down lower than in the picture, if you want more coverage. Supports her chest without being too tight. Highly recommend purchasing this.
Awesome compression base layer. I typically wear a medium and a large is perfectly snug. Material is soft and doesn't hold a funky smell
wonderful for winter walking, a little hard to get on and off without disassembling the laces, but the shoes are comfortable and warm. My last pair of ECCO boots lasted 20 years
Got this shirt just in time to wear Resurrection (Easter) weekend Well-designed, the colors just make it pop and it's one of the less-cheesy Christian-message T's I've seen.
My daughter wore this under a formal dress that needed volume to look perfect-This slipadded just the right amount.  It is a long slip and probably wont work for knee length styles. I ordered a 3t and (my daughter wears a 4t in pants) it went below her knees  with the slip pulled up well above her waist.
Thought the shoes were cute and practical, especially in my closet full of high heals. Not so much.  I left the house wearing them and within ten minutes knew I should have brought a change.  They were my size and fit fine, but have sharp edges that rubbed against my heal as well as where they hit the top of my foot.  Perhaps that's why they call them blowfish, because within an hour of wearing them my feet had blisters the size and shape of a blowfish!  Terrible shoes!  These are going in the trash!
Love, love, love them.  I have a narrow foot and they couldn't be a better fit.They look so sharp on and I feel like a million dollars wearing them.
Prior to receiving this watch, I was trying out a Citizen AT0200-05E, which I ended up returning after receiving this watch.First thing's first: This watch looks amazing and the photos do not do it enough justice. The styling is subtle, yet it pops. The watchface is very contrasty, which adds to the look and also makes it quite easy to read and the red/orange seconds hand and chronograph minutes hand are a nice touch. The watch is fairly big with a case diameter of 44mm, but even then it looks great on my small wrists (6.5"). The quality of the black finish (it's more of a dark grey color with tiny bit of bronze mixed in) is great and not too reflective. The chronograph start and stop/reset buttons have a very positive feedback when pressed, which I think adds to my perceived quality of the watch. The date indicator is small like the other reviewers have stated, but is legible in relatively good light. The seconds hand lines up perfectly with the markings on the watchface and the lume is very very good - It'll stay illuminated for quite a while. The watch has got some weight to it but it is not encumbering.The only gripe I have with the watch is the watchband. I'm not too sure I like the buckle on the strap (it's too shiny for my tastes) and on top of that, the strap is rough and irritates my skin when I w["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.', 't, but seems to be holding up.', "eeds to break in shoes like these?! There is a felt pad on the ball of the sole which is a bit slippery on tile, but my office features carpet and they're perfect on that surface.No arch support, which I normally need, but since I'm desk bound at work, that doesn't bother me. They aren't walking shoes, after all.I'm also a big fan of the pewter color, only because it's such a wonderful chameleon. Grey slacks, black slacks, skirts, it works with any outfit. It almost goes with brown, since the metallic finish reflects a bit of that shade. But it's a tad off."] batteries.  I wear it all the time.  It would be an easy five stars except the crystal face has become pretty scratched up.  Maybe I'm unusually tough on watches, but I would have liked it to stay shiney new looking a little longer.  I'd still buy another one though!!
the boots are snug but will work  my feet stay dry and warm  everyone loves how colorful they are and that they are made in the USA
Nice dress. However, it was my first time ordering this brand so I ordered a size 6 rather than my regular size 4, it turned out to be very big. No fault of the seller or brand. My tailor is very good with alterations, so all will be well.Am not trying to find the shade of green in pumps to 'pep it up' even more.
When I received this boot I was extremely excited.  I read all the reviews and it seemed like the right boot for me.  The last pair of boots I ordered had to be returned because they were too tight in the calf, which surprised me because I have small calves.  So when I tried these boots on without pants I was extremely disappointed due to the fact they were so tight.  So basically, if you plan on wearing this boot with jeans/pants, its probably not going to happen.  I was disappointed because I read a review of a woman before me who stated she was an "athlete" and did not have pencil legs and this boot fit.  Well I have pencil legs and the boot did not fit.  Enough said...otherwise the boot is beautiful.  FYI...the boot is also extremely small to slip into. I have small, narrow feet and had some trouble fitting my foot inl.  So unless you have bird ankles to go with the bird legs...this boot is not for you.
The shirt arrived in a timely manner and exactly as described.  I only wish that the size was a tad bit larger.  I ordered an XL for my husband.  It is on the smallish side for an XL.  It fits him, but I am afraid that when I wash and dry it, it will be too small.  I will not be washing it before he wears it!  My advise is that if you normally wear an XL, go ahead and get the 2XL.The shirt graphics are super cute though.  Its a great buy, just get the right size.
A simple garment that is versatile is always the best on a vacation. I bought two as I liked them so much. They are soft and comfy. They are not cheap and see through! A super garment.
I needed a &#34;man's bag&#34; to carry various electronic devices, file folders, note pads and loose papers and this was a perfect choice. Aside from being perfectly functional with multiple size pocket choices, it is a finely crafted, durable and handsome looking bag. It has that wonderful leather smell and the rugged appearance that will only improve with age. If you want a quality item, this is it.
The only problem I can say about this ruing was it's not true to size. Bought it for a gift and it runs about a size too small.
Good product to help maintain your shoes at their best.  Fast and easy to use, with no fuss.  Just rub it on and you're good to go.
Once again I would like to note that the top part of the ring is made from plastic, likely in order to make it a more lightweight and wearable piece, the fact that the top is plastic doesn't take away from the fact that this is a quality, good looking piece with nice and sparkly rhinestones, I love the stretchy band.
While clearly brand new and sealed, the product DID NOT come with a jewelry brush as the description indicated.  Neither was one mentioned on the outside of the product itself.  Now I'm trying to find a seperate jewelry brush to use with the product as I don't have one kicking around already...what a pain.
Purchased the PACSAFE METROSAFE 200 for a trip to Italy and found it to be just perfect. It is small but with many compartments. This bag went with me everywhere and I was secure in knowing that my documents and valuables were safe. Rome is famous for their sophisticated pick pockets and this bag was a big stop sign for them. Durable and secure I fully recommend this product
What more do you need to say than 'Dockers'.  Always a great product and the fit is very nice.  Comfortable for driving and soft fabric keeps me cool!
I love the cut, fabric texture, and color, though it is not that heavy denim as my old 13mwz. Relaxed fit just perfect, prefer it over the regular fit of the 13mwz
i liked the costume, but the tank dress was a bit short.i ordered the s/m. i'm about 5'5 and the skirt ended riiiiiight under my butt. if you are taller than 5'2-5'3, i wouldn't recommend this costume if you plan on partying and dancing (i guess unless you have short shorts under).also, the fingerless gloves are not of good quality, they are in no way fitted. too big for me.
I am not a hat person, but have fallen in love with berets.  They can be worn different ways and are a fashionable addition to my wardrobe for casual and dress up.  Getting as many colors as I can.  Love it.
First of all, the ring was shinier and too silvery in person than it looks in the picture and I was hoping for the duller look with this ring. Second, I ordered a size 6 and the idiots sent me a size 9. Really?? Took long to get here only to receive a disappointment.
Oh my goodness I think i love this toy more than my daughter. What an awesome toy to play with in the bath! The notes sound so awesome and its such a fun fun toy to play with! I cant tell you how much I love these flutes.
This watch represents great value.  The band is attractive and uses a technique that may be opened or closed quickly using just two fingers - arguably similar to some Gucci watches that might cost $500 more.  The Timex materials are lighter in weight, however, and are probably unlikely to be mistaken for gold.The face of the watch is a bit larger than many women's styles making it easy to read, if a little androgynous.  The night light feature is quite cute, though not a reason to buy this brand.  Setting the time is also very easy and straightforward and although some eccentric instructions are provided, they seem to cover every watch model ever contemplated by Timex, they are best ignored.The only angst likely to be encountered relates to sizing the band - it is shipped rather large - think of it as including a few extra links pre-installed.  This leaves the option of wearing it loose like a bracelet (not comfortable for me) or somehow excising some links.  This task involves pushing out the pins (think of bobby pins, with one end split and the other rounded over - you push on the rounded part while holding the bracelet steady).  If you happen to have a jeweler's vice and a 0.7 mm diameter pin pusher handy it will take less than 60 seconds to complete the operation.  I'm afraid that I wimped-out and gave $5 to the place where I usually get watch batteries replaced.  Even with the small extra expense I am extremely pleased with this purchase.
Very comfortable light weight shoe. When ordering, request a half size larger than normal shoe size. I normally wear a size 9 medium, but a 9 1/2 was a good fit in this shoe.
I bought this product as the price was right it is true you get what you pay for. I followed directions as stated on the bottle. The cleaner left dark spots when dried, the white bar didn't work at all just left a big mess on the table. I am a little scared to use the Protector. I will not recommend this product.
I bought this wallet because I wanted to have everything at my fingertips when I opened it.  My last wallet was a nuisance because it required three steps to get to what I needed, cash, change and cards/id's.  When it came, I was thrilled by how easy everything was to get to.  It zips all around, and when it opens, all is there, cash and change compartments, plenty of card and id holders in addition to other compartments for miscellaneous items.Love it!  Recommend it highly, not only for great function but for looks as well.  You won't be disappointed.  And I know, because I am a pain when it comes to wallets, but this one finally has my approval.
It's a little big for my wrist but its not bad for the price. It could be worst. I want the Hermes bracelet
The bag itself is everything I wanted. Leather seems good, plenty of pockets. It wasn't until ["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.', 't, but seems to be holding up.', "eeds to break in shoes like these?! There is a felt pad on the ball of the sole which is a bit slippery on tile, but my office features carpet and they're perfect on that surface.No arch support, which I normally need, but since I'm desk bound at work, that doesn't bother me. They aren't walking shoes, after all.I'm also a big fan of the pewter color, only because it's such a wonderful chameleon. Grey slacks, black slacks, skirts, it works with any outfit. It almost goes with brown, since the metallic finish reflects a bit of that shade. But it's a tad off.", "batteries.  I wear it all the time.  It would be an easy five stars except the crystal face has become pretty scratched up.  Maybe I'm unusually tough on watches, but I would have liked it to stay shiney new looking a little longer.  I'd still buy another one though!!"]adorable. All of the mothers loved them and loved sorting through them.UPDATE:Since I loved this set so much, I decided to purchase it again as a gift, well in advance of Christmas. Unfortunately, by the time the set arrived this time, the packaging was cracked and ripped in several areas. It was clearly not due to the handling of the post office- the packaging was in tact, but the product box was so badly damaged, there was no way I could give this as a gift. With ample time to exchange this for one that is not an aesthetic mess, I contacted the seller about an exchange. I didn't want to return the product for a refund, because I really did just want to have this as a gift to give. I had hoped for better customer service, but unfortunately, it wasn't a seamless experience. After several days of not getting a response at all, I finally inquired again. Then Bundle Monster told me that my Amazon order number was incorrect, so I took a screen grab of my receipt with all necessary info and sent it to them. Another several days go by, and they challenge the condition of the box, asking for photographic proof. I immediately sent them three photos of the box's damage. All along, I was very pleasant, praising my past experience with the product, and explained that I'd really like to exchange this in time for Christmas (which shouldn't have been a big issue since I contacted weeks in advance of Christmas, but unfortunately they dragged out the issue for weeks, and wouldn't acknowledge my concern, so I didn't know whether to hold out hope or buy something else as a gift). Ultimately they got back to me and said that they are not responsible for the rough handling of the post office (which was not the issue), but as an "extreme courtesy" they would send me another and want me to ship mine back. I wouldn't have minded this response if they didn't take weeks of unresponsiveness and interrogation to get to this point. I also did not receive this item in time for Christmas (so I didn't get to give this as a gift), and I'm not even sure that I can expect it to arrive at all. Overall, this is a cute gift, but if they are frequently in the habit of selling unacceptable torn and battered boxes (which I now see other complaints about), it's not going to work out. It's bad enough that you can't possibly give this as a gift. I'm willing to bet that if/when I send mine back, a future buyer will just receive mine, and they'll continue circulating it until someone is either too lazy or frustrated to deal with Bundle Monster. Not worth dealing with their customer service and lack of product integrity.
I received the wrong wand initially and did not have time to return before Christmas.  It was a gift for my granddaughter, when she opened it, I explained what happened and that we would get it fixed.  Before I even contacted Amazon.com, they sent me an email apologizing for their error and asked me to call at my convenience.  The representative I spoke to was so nice, she assured me that the correct item would be shipped and that we could keep the one they sent in error.  That is remarkable customer service in my opinion.  I did not have to bother with repacking and shipping the wrong item and my granddaughter ended up with 2 collector wands for the price of one.  Thanks, Amazon.com for taking care of this mix-up for me so generously.
I purchased this red Mud Pie outfit for my 2 year old over the white style. I thought the Santa face popped out more than on the white.  She wore it this weekend to a Santa Christmas party and got at least 15 compliments on it. Well, I washed it ONCE in cold water, mini cycle and the red color ran all into the white of the beard.  I sprayed it with oxystain remover and it only lightened it up during the second wash. I'll still put it on her for around the house but it is out for any events. Not sure it was worth the money.
As a WOT fan, I was tempted to buy this sword.  This is definitely only for show. Also, The heron marks are on the blade instead of the grip unlike Rand's sword.  There is no heron on the scabbard as Rand's was described as having.  There are variations on the heron sword throughout the book, so this could still technically be considered accurate, but I feel this was a shoddy product that didn't attempt to make a more accurate replica, I feel they just wanted to package something to sell.  It's pretty to look at, but that's about it.
amazing, its a good product, the service perfect. the attencion for the saller is good. im happy. my sunglasses is perfect for my
If you like big, heavy watches you'll like this. Will be buying more Invicta watches through amazon for sure. If you do wear this while in saltwater be sure to rinse it very thoroughly with fresh water and rotate the bezel piece while doing so.
I absolutely love this bag. Perfect for a weekend stay anywhere! Plastic liner in two pockets is a great feature for liquids. Removable liner for easy care and a very sturdy bag. Plus the style is fabulous. Love it!
It is sooo roomy! It can hold lots of stuff. The quality is AMAZING and it has practical pockets for cellphone and keys.Definitely buy it if you can, it's gorgeous.
Great watch!  I purchased it during the lightening deal.  The quality is great and it looks very nice too.  This will be the perfect Christmas present for my husband.
Comfy right out of the box. Not cheap but worth the $$. Nicely made. Will look for Clark's brand the next time I need shoes
Paired with a lacey bandeau bra or a &#34;fancy/dressy&#34; sports bra this is a great tank. Could wear a swimsuit under it too. Very &#34;knit&#34;, semi transparent, and perfect for a hot humid night.
I am a 6-year breast cancer survivor with truncal lymphedema and a bilateral mastectomy without reconstruction.  Because of the lymphedema, it is necessary for me to wear some type of compression garment EVERY DAY.  I have tried all the specialty garments with little success.  It is quite frustrating and also bad for the morale.  I was browsing through Amazon one day and found this amazing tank!  The fact that it has wicking is wonderful!  I can wear this garment with or without my prosthesis and it feels comfortable and gives me some much needed freedom in regard to the style of outer garments I am able to wear.  And for me, the compression is much better than any of the extremely expensive lymphedema garments I have worn prior to finding this amazing live saver! It should be referenced in Mastectomy products, too.  And, the fact that it doesn't roll is a plus!!!Bali Women's Comfortshape Seamless Sculpt Tank
I have taken this watch on safari in Africa, mountain climinging in the Rockies, and scuba diving in the Caribbean. It never fails to give accurate time and compass directions, the stop watch has come in handy for running, and I love the backlight function. For all that this watch does, it's a bargain. Plus, if you're a guy who likes gadgets, this one looks really cool.
Returned said watch as it did not work properly.  Half of the face failed to light up. It was not a battery problem as I had a professional jeweler advise me on it.
Hi.  The shorts were nice.  Fit was perfect.  Love the pockets on the sides.  Very comfortable and washes nicely. Would buy again
My wife and I both got one and we take them with us to Reds game. The carring bag that comes with it is handy for putting on your belt or if you get a snap on your belt loop. Easy to put on and off.
I was worried that I wasnt going to get the size right. Im 5'6 195lb, short torso. And it fits perfectly! Im so Happy, it looks Sharp and eye catchy. The length is fine, idk why people made a big deal over the pocket placement, its perfect. I uploaded 3 Key-Pics to see it more clearly. Recommend it!
I bought a Skagen 233LGSC and it's a Great Watch. I have several other watches (Movado, Rado, Citizen and a few more). I must say that I like this Skagen Watch the Best. It is very thin, Great looking and well built. The price of less than $100 WOW. I spent several times that amount on my other watches. I'm sure you will love a Skagen Watch.
its not like blaze orange more like a tangerine col["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.', 't, but seems to be holding up.', "eeds to break in shoes like these?! There is a felt pad on the ball of the sole which is a bit slippery on tile, but my office features carpet and they're perfect on that surface.No arch support, which I normally need, but since I'm desk bound at work, that doesn't bother me. They aren't walking shoes, after all.I'm also a big fan of the pewter color, only because it's such a wonderful chameleon. Grey slacks, black slacks, skirts, it works with any outfit. It almost goes with brown, since the metallic finish reflects a bit of that shade. But it's a tad off.", "batteries.  I wear it all the time.  It would be an easy five stars except the crystal face has become pretty scratched up.  Maybe I'm unusually tough on watches, but I would have liked it to stay shiney new looking a little longer.  I'd still buy another one though!!", 'adorable. All of the mothers loved them and loved sorting through them.UPDATE:Since I loved this set so much, I decided to purchase it again as a gift, well in advance of Christmas. Unfortunately, by the time the set arrived this time, the packaging was cracked and ripped in several areas. It was clearly not due to the handling of the post office- the packaging was in tact, but the product box was so badly damaged, there was no way I could give this as a gift. With ample time to exchange this for one that is not an aesthetic mess, I contacted the seller about an exchange. I didn\'t want to return the product for a refund, because I really did just want to have this as a gift to give. I had hoped for better customer service, but unfortunately, it wasn\'t a seamless experience. After several days of not getting a response at all, I finally inquired again. Then Bundle Monster told me that my Amazon order number was incorrect, so I took a screen grab of my receipt with all necessary info and sent it to them. Another several days go by, and they challenge the condition of the box, asking for photographic proof. I immediately sent them three photos of the box\'s damage. All along, I was very pleasant, praising my past experience with the product, and explained that I\'d really like to exchange this in time for Christmas (which shouldn\'t have been a big issue since I contacted weeks in advance of Christmas, but unfortunately they dragged out the issue for weeks, and wouldn\'t acknowledge my concern, so I didn\'t know whether to hold out hope or buy something else as a gift). Ultimately they got back to me and said that they are not responsible for the rough handling of the post office (which was not the issue), but as an "extreme courtesy" they would send me another and want me to ship mine back. I wouldn\'t have minded this response if they didn\'t take weeks of unresponsiveness and interrogation to get to this point. I also did not receive this item in time for Christmas (so I didn\'t get to give this as a gift), and I\'m not even sure that I can expect it to arrive at all. Overall, this is a cute gift, but if they are frequently in the habit of selling unacceptable torn and battered boxes (which I now see other complaints about), it\'s not going to work out. It\'s bad enough that you can\'t possibly give this as a gift. I\'m willing to bet that if/when I send mine back, a future buyer will just receive mine, and they\'ll continue circulating it until someone is either too lazy or frustrated to deal with Bundle Monster. Not worth dealing with their customer service and lack of product integrity.'] Other than that super cute shoes!  Bought them specifically because you could wear the bow as you want.  I have to admit though I haven't worn them yet so I don't know how comfortable they are.
I like these shoes a lot, but they seem to run small. I am normally an 8.5 and I ordered these in a 9 which were way too short and too tight. They fit okay without the insole, but the insole is one of the best parts! I recommend ordering up a size, I'm going to try the 10 and hope it's not too long or floppy!
I really love this ring! It's simple yet very beautiful. It's pure sterling silver therefore it will not turn your finger green! There was also great customer service which is always nice. Overall, I am very happy with my purchase.
I got for my girl the watch and she like it so much I recommended its very nice one ,go for it
I bought this sandals for my sister.  She loves it and has been wearing it since she got it.  It's comfortable, durable and convenient.  The price of ECCO shoe on Amazon.com is afordable and reasonable.  I received my shoes in three days.  LOVE IT!!
On a 10-day trip to China I took this bag (as a purse) and a rolling carry-on only; everything had to fit in these two bags. At first I was uncertain about it -- not very purse-like -- but it proved itself beyond expectation.  Plenty of slots and zippered spaces made it easy to define a place for everything and in less than a day I was comfortable with it.  Spaces for camera, phone, pen, pencil, nailfile, wallet, notebook, book, meds, receipts, and more made everything very accessible. The important stuff was safely zippered in. I could open the section containing my wallet without worrying about everything else being visible or falling out. I used the roomy (not flat) zippered side pocket for toilet paper (a necessity in China). The adjustable strap was easy to wear over my body but the little handle on top allowed for easy pickup and carrying without using the strap. Even fully loaded with all my stuff, it was very lightweight. I am very pleased with this purchase.
This is an amazing product and I got it a a great price. It's heavy and just what i was looking for, very well built
The photo is very misleading you only receive one type of bag and they are the red bull dog bags
My husband picked these out at a store, so I knew they were what he wanted for snowmobiling.  He bought me a pair of women's in white and they are both awesome boots. Super warm.
This is a great boot. I have worn these boots as a remodeling contractor, a glazier, and as an annealing technician working on my feet on concrete floors for 10 hours a day. The boots construction allows any type of work on your feet for long periods of time on any surface with no fatigue to your feet or knees which is something I've had trouble with using other boots. Not only are they comfortable but they last forever even with abuse.
These are way cute however terrible quality. I wore them on three seperate business occasions, after which they are scratched and have a chunk out of the sole. the quality of the shoes are lacking therefore will not last long.
So I recieved a Donna Sharp purse for Christmas & Loved it!! So I decided I would like another one, I went to a couple diffrent stores looking for them!! They ranged in price from 55 to 75$ I really didn't want to pay that much money so I looked on Amazon..found this Donna Sharp purse for $40.70 plus FREE shipping!! I recieved it within a week from the sate I ordered it... It is just as beautiful as the pics VERY roomie too!! Would recommend this purse over & over again!!
I bought these for my husband, he works outdoors on a loading dock. He absolutely loves them!  He said his feet are always warm and he asked that I order more so he had a pair for every day of the work week. Affordable, great quality product.
in looking through the Pandora beads on Amazon, it was difficult to ascertain what is &#34;genuine&#34; Pandora or not. This clip is identical to what my local retailer offers. It arrived as ordered and on a timely basis.
I have been looking for a tan ankle bootie for some time now and these are exactly what I was looking for. I love how the material goes up on the ankle so you aren't able to see your socks like in most booties like this. I also love the thick heal and how much higher the heal is compared to similar shoes. The only reason I rated these 4 stars is because they are a little narrow by the toes which can make them a little uncomfy if you are wearing them for a long period of time (like work). Regardless of that I love them and would recommend them!
DUE TO MY RECENT FOOT SURGERY I NEEDED THIS ORDER DELIVERED IN AN EXPEDITED TIME AND PAID FOR SAID DELIVERY. THE ATTITUDE OF THE CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE WHEN I ATTEMPTED TO DISCUSS THE ISSUE WAS NON-RESPONSIVE. SHE COMMITTED TO RETURN MY CALL AND IT HAS BEEN ALMOST TWO (2) WEEKS WITH NO RESPONSE.
Ordered this without a review for my step-dad who is recovering from a nasty fall.  Just got a call from my Mom saying they were perfect.  He loves the feel and the weight and they are comfortable.  THey were to long but he is very short so that was to be expected.
Just one little note: as most of you would do with any of the new clothing, wash it out of the box, before ware it for the first time. Otherwise the material particles will be all over you
I chose this jacket because I was looking for a light jacket that could be dressed up or down.  When it came it, the color and feel were good but it was so big I had to return it. The size was what I had ordered (no mix up there) but on it looked like I was wearing something at least 1 possibly 2 sizes to large.
I love the pendant on this necklace.  It was about the size I was expecting, but then I don't like big or clunky jewelry. The chain seems a bit cheap to me. Just not as sturdy feeling as I'd like, but that's not too big a deal to me since it was under $40 with a "diamond accent". Overall, I'm glad I bought it.
Not only does this watch rock, but I can not tell you how many compliments we received on it.  A must buy!
Crown failed to operated as per the instructions provided. Watch was returned with request for replacement. Purchase price was refunded due to lack of replacement.
This is not the hobo bag that I own, but it is the same nice color. I love the bag. It is roomy and chic. However, it was also made in China. It didn't last long at all. The faux leather split in a horizontal line across the top on one side and the cheap material and workmanship (workchildship?) wore quickly on the bottom and sides. The repair place I brought it to thought I was crazy wanting to repair it. For the hefty price tags on these bags, consider another brand.
I bought this for my wife for Christmas. She is a 'pink freak', so she really loved it and wears it almost daily. It's not the highest quality piece of jewelry I've ever seen, but for the price, it looks good and holds up well.
I love this mini! it fits great (im 5'3&#34; and 112), and fits me just like it does the model in the picture, it is very well made, and I love the way it looks on! I will wear this a lot this spring/summer/fall! I am very happy I purchased this! I have bought a few things from allegra k and I have liked everything I have got so far, and it does take a while to get here, but it always arrives a couple weeks before the estimated arrival date, so it doesn't take as long as it states...I highly recommend this to everyone! it is a great price, good quality, very cute, well fitting dress (can be worn with leggings or pants/skinny jeans as well if wanted and would still look great!)!!!!
It says one size fits all.. Knowing my booty is a little big for my size I still figured in could squeeze into it since I am only a medium normally.... NOT! I barely got my leg thru! And when I did the pearls kept pinching my "u know what!" and of course there is no return on these so I'm stuck with a pair of sexy undies I can't wear:(  This company should do some research on today's "average" size ! It's not zero.  Bummed
muy bueno  todo en buen estado  buena calidad  ,y  fueron muy reponsabl["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.', 't, but seems to be holding up.', "eeds to break in shoes like these?! There is a felt pad on the ball of the sole which is a bit slippery on tile, but my office features carpet and they're perfect on that surface.No arch support, which I normally need, but since I'm desk bound at work, that doesn't bother me. They aren't walking shoes, after all.I'm also a big fan of the pewter color, only because it's such a wonderful chameleon. Grey slacks, black slacks, skirts, it works with any outfit. It almost goes with brown, since the metallic finish reflects a bit of that shade. But it's a tad off.", "batteries.  I wear it all the time.  It would be an easy five stars except the crystal face has become pretty scratched up.  Maybe I'm unusually tough on watches, but I would have liked it to stay shiney new looking a little longer.  I'd still buy another one though!!", 'adorable. All of the mothers loved them and loved sorting through them.UPDATE:Since I loved this set so much, I decided to purchase it again as a gift, well in advance of Christmas. Unfortunately, by the time the set arrived this time, the packaging was cracked and ripped in several areas. It was clearly not due to the handling of the post office- the packaging was in tact, but the product box was so badly damaged, there was no way I could give this as a gift. With ample time to exchange this for one that is not an aesthetic mess, I contacted the seller about an exchange. I didn\'t want to return the product for a refund, because I really did just want to have this as a gift to give. I had hoped for better customer service, but unfortunately, it wasn\'t a seamless experience. After several days of not getting a response at all, I finally inquired again. Then Bundle Monster told me that my Amazon order number was incorrect, so I took a screen grab of my receipt with all necessary info and sent it to them. Another several days go by, and they challenge the condition of the box, asking for photographic proof. I immediately sent them three photos of the box\'s damage. All along, I was very pleasant, praising my past experience with the product, and explained that I\'d really like to exchange this in time for Christmas (which shouldn\'t have been a big issue since I contacted weeks in advance of Christmas, but unfortunately they dragged out the issue for weeks, and wouldn\'t acknowledge my concern, so I didn\'t know whether to hold out hope or buy something else as a gift). Ultimately they got back to me and said that they are not responsible for the rough handling of the post office (which was not the issue), but as an "extreme courtesy" they would send me another and want me to ship mine back. I wouldn\'t have minded this response if they didn\'t take weeks of unresponsiveness and interrogation to get to this point. I also did not receive this item in time for Christmas (so I didn\'t get to give this as a gift), and I\'m not even sure that I can expect it to arrive at all. Overall, this is a cute gift, but if they are frequently in the habit of selling unacceptable torn and battered boxes (which I now see other complaints about), it\'s not going to work out. It\'s bad enough that you can\'t possibly give this as a gift. I\'m willing to bet that if/when I send mine back, a future buyer will just receive mine, and they\'ll continue circulating it until someone is either too lazy or frustrated to deal with Bundle Monster. Not worth dealing with their customer service and lack of product integrity.', "Other than that super cute shoes!  Bought them specifically because you could wear the bow as you want.  I have to admit though I haven't worn them yet so I don't know how comfortable they are."]prompt and on time. I would DEFINITELY do business with this seller again!"
I ordered this Angel Wing Necklace because I am part of an on-line support group for caregivers of Alzheimers/Dementia patients and we refer to ourselves as OWA (one-winged Angels) because we need the help and support of each other to care for our loved one.  I chose this particular necklace as I wanted the sterling silver and 14K gold in the necklace for the contrast that it gives.  It is a beautiful necklace and I wear it often.  It is 18 inches and sits perfectly on my neck.  The craftsmanship is beautiful and there is enough gold to see it, but it was reasonably priced.
Will order again next year. These were my go to sandals all summer long, when I could find them, some how they would grow little feet and walk away. Apparently my daughter loves these as much as I do, so I will be ordering two pair next year. These are very comfortable. They have good traction for slippery surfaces like around a pool for example, also they are adjustable for the width of your foot, or if you want to embarrass your children and wear socks with your sandals while taking them to the mall ;)
Perfect  gift  for a child who wanted to play  bear footed on a dusty studio floor.  well worth the price
I had no problem with ordering my shoe on line. The packing was well done and it came with in the days is said it would. I would recommend ordering on line to my friends and family.
I had wanted an Omega, but bought this watch for two thousand less. Good looks. Keeps good time.
The holder is well-built and professional-looking  -- genuine leather, and comfortable to wear.  It helps REDUCE (but not eliminate) one problem experienced by airline travelers, which is the constant rooting around at various checkpoints (security or airline) for boarding pass and/or ID card.  Here, both are easily contained in one easily accessible and visible place.  It becomes less likely that (a) you will have to root around, while flustered, looking for either boarding pass or ID, or (b) that you will lay them down and lose them during one of these episodes.  I say the problem is not totally eliminated because, even though both the pass and ID are easily visible to the person doing the screening at the checkpoint, you still are required to take them out momentarily so the screener can see them and handle them directly.  Then you must reinsert them into the holder.  Still, a worthy aid to ease one part of the no-longer-enjoyable task of air travel.
So very appointed in this watch. My boyfriend raved and raved about how wonderful Fossil watches were supposed to be. The only PRO of this watch is that when you first get it out of the package, it is a great looking watch. But shortly after putting it on for the first time, it the hands stopped working. In short, this happened three times in the 9 months that he had it before giving up on it. Each time, he had to pay the shipping to send it to Fossil to fix. Also, the nice black color fades, parts of the band by the face eventually looked tarnished, which shouldn't happen if it truly is stainless steel
i like i it keep good time and i can see the face .like it for work i can recomend it
bought the kelsey dagger and these and these looked so cheap compared to the kelsey dagger ones. the price was similar too. these had a narrow toe box and werent nearly as comfortable as the kelsey dagger brand
I like this top, fits a little loose but is an oversized top - roomy and comfortable and soft to the touch
Very good size and beautiful.  Lots of sparkle. It is a very eye catching piece as are the other colors in this style. My personal favorite is the topaz and peridot but, the blue is very vivid.
Got these for my brother for his birthday and he loves them! He's in the air force and loves these for the various roles he has to play.
This a great deal when I purchased it for only about $110. Made in italy, and authentic. The jeans arrived within a sealed plastic bag, looks like brand new to me. Stylish jeans, highly recommended.
Very happy with this purchase.  The cloth is soft (moreso than your typical t-shirt) and of good quality and the lettering is raised and looks high quality as well.  Definitely will be rocking this at Navy games.
this is a great all around flat shoe.  very comfortable, but no arch support.  these are really cute with sundresses and perfect for spring and summer.
Great simple sterling hoops. Very lightweight but not too delicate. The're a perfect size and don't pull my ear lobes down.
Oh yes, a cute backpack.Oh, whaaaat, it's waterproof. Seriously, I brought this to a music festival where it rained so much I looked like I'd just stepped out of a bath. The paper inside my backpack and my sweater were perfectly dry.The straps are super comfortable, well padded but not bulky. The reinforcing faux leather on the bottom is pretty sturdy too.The only dilemma is that it has a total of 3 pockets, which is okay but I like more pockets.Also, it's a straight-up geometric print- not an imitation of a &#34;tribal&#34; print so it's not culturally appropriative!Oh yes, oh yes.
Bought this for my wife as a present.  Generally nice, although I was a little disappointed at how thin the material is. She likes it, but it just appears to me that it will get worn out very quickly being so thin.
If you're like me and you have trouble keeping your girls "front and center" instead of in your armpits, this may be a great choice for you. I wear 30DD, which is hard to find, and Panache is one of the few brands that understands that needing a small band doesn't mean "training bra".  I love this bra, but it took me some time to get used to it.  It fits differently from many other bras because it actually encloses all the tissue, which can feel awkward.  When I first got this bra, I was trying to wear it the way I'd always worn my bras (the wrong way, it turns out), and I was pulling this one down too far and expecting the straps to sit closer to my neck. I like the Viva's shape even more than the regular "Porcelain"Panache Women's Porcelain Molded Bra - 3376because Viva's straps aren't angled at the tops of the cups. I was getting the "quad" look, big time.  I read on a bra blog that the way to "set" breasts in a bra is to pull up on the center gore after the bra is all strapped and tugged and swooped and scooped.  I tried this, and the whole fit of this bra changed.  Everything literally fell into place, with the cups filling up but not cutting in. This bra lifts and centers and gives me a beautiful round shape, even under tight fitting shirts.
Fits as expected. Sizing perfect for my 6 mth old. Cotton a little thin but nothing a onesie and jacket can't fix. Delivery fast...
Would like it if it was available in wide because the shoes are narrow.I have a problem after a while of walking my feet get swollen so if the shoe is going to be a closed shoe I should get a wide.
I bought this bag specifically for a trip to Vegas so that I wouldn't have to lug around my big purse, and it worked great.  I loved the adjustable shoulder strap, and zippered compartments easily held my phone, ID, cash and credit cards securely, yet allowing easy access.  I feel that it is just a teeny bit too small, though, as it was a very tight fit to include some essential drugs.  All in all, I was still happy with it, and loved the color choices.  I will never carry my big purse on excursions again.  Definitely a worthwhile purchase.
Product is great and far exceeded my expectations.  Holds a lot of items:  phone, earphones, wallet, pen, small note pad, keys, sunglasses with case, tissue, gum, medication, passport, snacks.  For the compartment I keep my keys in, I placed it between a folded piece of cardstock which keeps the keys from telegraphing through, and maintaining a smoother contour.Fabric is very soft and sling contours to body, no corners.  It does not tend to rub and pill clothing like my other stiffer -type slings used before (this may be more for females like me who wear softer clothing).  I am 5'-0&#34; and it fits me well.  I use it for travel and for work.  I don't have ["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.', 't, but seems to be holding up.', "eeds to break in shoes like these?! There is a felt pad on the ball of the sole which is a bit slippery on tile, but my office features carpet and they're perfect on that surface.No arch support, which I normally need, but since I'm desk bound at work, that doesn't bother me. They aren't walking shoes, after all.I'm also a big fan of the pewter color, only because it's such a wonderful chameleon. Grey slacks, black slacks, skirts, it works with any outfit. It almost goes with brown, since the metallic finish reflects a bit of that shade. But it's a tad off.", "batteries.  I wear it all the time.  It would be an easy five stars except the crystal face has become pretty scratched up.  Maybe I'm unusually tough on watches, but I would have liked it to stay shiney new looking a little longer.  I'd still buy another one though!!", 'adorable. All of the mothers loved them and loved sorting through them.UPDATE:Since I loved this set so much, I decided to purchase it again as a gift, well in advance of Christmas. Unfortunately, by the time the set arrived this time, the packaging was cracked and ripped in several areas. It was clearly not due to the handling of the post office- the packaging was in tact, but the product box was so badly damaged, there was no way I could give this as a gift. With ample time to exchange this for one that is not an aesthetic mess, I contacted the seller about an exchange. I didn\'t want to return the product for a refund, because I really did just want to have this as a gift to give. I had hoped for better customer service, but unfortunately, it wasn\'t a seamless experience. After several days of not getting a response at all, I finally inquired again. Then Bundle Monster told me that my Amazon order number was incorrect, so I took a screen grab of my receipt with all necessary info and sent it to them. Another several days go by, and they challenge the condition of the box, asking for photographic proof. I immediately sent them three photos of the box\'s damage. All along, I was very pleasant, praising my past experience with the product, and explained that I\'d really like to exchange this in time for Christmas (which shouldn\'t have been a big issue since I contacted weeks in advance of Christmas, but unfortunately they dragged out the issue for weeks, and wouldn\'t acknowledge my concern, so I didn\'t know whether to hold out hope or buy something else as a gift). Ultimately they got back to me and said that they are not responsible for the rough handling of the post office (which was not the issue), but as an "extreme courtesy" they would send me another and want me to ship mine back. I wouldn\'t have minded this response if they didn\'t take weeks of unresponsiveness and interrogation to get to this point. I also did not receive this item in time for Christmas (so I didn\'t get to give this as a gift), and I\'m not even sure that I can expect it to arrive at all. Overall, this is a cute gift, but if they are frequently in the habit of selling unacceptable torn and battered boxes (which I now see other complaints about), it\'s not going to work out. It\'s bad enough that you can\'t possibly give this as a gift. I\'m willing to bet that if/when I send mine back, a future buyer will just receive mine, and they\'ll continue circulating it until someone is either too lazy or frustrated to deal with Bundle Monster. Not worth dealing with their customer service and lack of product integrity.', "Other than that super cute shoes!  Bought them specifically because you could wear the bow as you want.  I have to admit though I haven't worn them yet so I don't know how comfortable they are.", 'prompt and on time. I would DEFINITELY do business with this seller again!"'] they look great and are very comfortable.
Love this dress! Fabric is silky and hangs beautifully. This dress is perfect! Easy to wear. Comfortable and looks so pretty on! I received tons of compliments on it! LOVE IT!!
first let me say THESE ARE NOT UGG BOOTS. I dont understand why some folks keep comparing these boots to Ugg boots.  you get what you pay for, and since I only paid $15 for them I think I have a really good pair of house shoes. They keep my feet toasty warm, even my toes.  none of my expensive house shoes can do that.  they are not sheepskin, but rather of cowhide and merino wool.  these are not winter boots.  if you go on the Ukala website they describe their boots as Fashion Boots.  clearly that should tell you that these boots are not made for walking in below zero temps in a foot of snow with slush and whatever else. These are for fashion. The wool is a bit scratchy (some of the wool came out of the boot) and the sole is stiff and a bit slippery in the house, so I wont even try wearing them out in frigid Michigan winters. They would be good for Fall, Spring, and Summer. Not Winter. They are good for what they are.....fashion boots.
This outfit is suitable for sleeping, lounging, or running errands.  The material is a medium weight that I think would be best described as year round.The top measures 36-1/2&#34; underneath the arms after washing in cold water and drying in my dryer, the same measurement I had before washing.  The pants, though, were 31&#34; before washing and drying in the same load and now they are 29-1/2&#34;.  I'm actually glad the pants length shrunk since I usually have to shorten them, but keep this in mind when ordering.  Maybe line drying would have kept them the same length.I really like this outfit a lot and would recommend it to any of you who enjoy comfort.
I was worried to order a bra online, so far I did only VS lingerie orders this way, but this is after I knew which style will fit me well. This one works just great. It looks elegant and stylish. The only problem is you need to make sure that you are wearing something which is not see-through. Either way you can see lace and nursing pads, which is not very classy. I was size 34B before and now between D and C. I ordered 34C and it fits just perfectly.
I bought these for my daughter. The price was unbeatable in comparison to other sterling silver earrings I have looked at locally. i thought that they would be larger than what they ended up being, but the petite size is just right for my 6 yr old.  They are beautiful! I thought the packaging was a little odd, the earrings were in plastic and taped to a larger (compared to the size of the earrings) box.
my first pair of these (from a different supplier) had a manufacturers defect. but when i came across access to another pair i didn't hesitate to buy them. this time i got an even better price too. there was no break in time. not the prettiest shoe but buy far the most comfortable and for an excellent price!!! 100% satisfied. i have a hard time finding comfortable shoes. usually with in a couple of weeks i need to use insoles to manage the comfort. and after about 3 months in ANY shoe, including shoes that have cost over $100.00, they quickly became uncomfortable. these i can shop in, and after 4-5 hours are still great!
Theses earrings are even prettier than the picture shows! they aren't too big and they aren't too small. these are perfect if you are looking for some cute rose earrings
When I first put them on I thought how comforatable! I later realized that the arch was in the wrong place (too far back).The shoe laces dont match much. Also the top of the shoe pinched my toes. I had to take these back.
I lost my ring so I bought this one. It feels good being marked as a married man again. So far so good. After a week of an active life it has no scratches. I love how light it is and i like that I cant feel it on my finger.
These are great! I love em.  They are tight in all the right places and make me feel super fit and ready to work out!
The stones are yellow and poorly aligned.  If the low price seems too good to be true, it's because it is.
THIS WATCH IS BEAUTIFUL-SO COOL-LOOKS MORE EXPENSIVE THAN IT COSTS-QUALITY ALL THE WAY FOR THE COST/CAN'T WAIT TO WEAR THIS IN SUMMER-VERY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE:-)
Atomic/Solar features work great. Thinner than pervious versions. Display is high contrast and easy to read. Great time keeping features and comfortable band.
This is a nice belt for jeans or for work. It is a good thick piece of nice leather. I like the comfort of the wider belt. The buckle is fine, or, it is easily removed and replaced with a couple of snaps. The belt arrived well before the estimated date.
I can't argue the quality, but these just weren't what I was looking for.  The toe seam is too noticeable and the sock is just too thick for my taste all around.  However, people looking for thicker, sturdier socks might like these.  I find they're best for a slipper substitute in the winter.
I love the shoe color, they fit great and they are very comfortable. Definitely recommend for a wedding or someone who likes dancing at parties without having to be barefoot!
If memory serves me right, this is the first time, if not, certainly one of the very few times, that I have taken the time to leave an Amazon Review. I decided to do so because these shoes that I expected to be fairly cheap in quality and workmanship, turned out to have exceeded my expectations greatly. To start with they fit me perfectly, and they are very elegant and stylish. They are very appropriate for a casual night out with some elegant trousers and jacket. Unlike what I read from an another reviewer, the suede does not discolor and it is not unreasonably hard to the point where it would nip your corns or bunions or anything like that. In any case, if you have corns or bunions this style shoe is not appropriate anyway. Any foot doctor will tell you that. I give much kudos to Amazon and the Seller for delivering the shoes to my door in about a day when they did not have to and they did not charge me extra for the great service. I bought another pair immediately and am eagerly waiting for the nice brown pair to arrive shortly. Happy holidays to Amazon and the Seller:Virtual Exchanges, Inc . You are the best! keep it up. Thank you.
I bought an XL.It took a while to ship as it was coming from out of state.It came in good condition, the material was good.However, its was really small. More suited for a 25&#34;waistEven with the laces completely loosened, it would not close.I was thoroughly disappointed and am returning it promptly.
I love it, for the price that I paid is really nice and for the summer looks great!!!! !!!!! !!!!!
runs very small & does give me a muffin top as others have stated; but if i wear with other shape wear, it's ok.
I ordered this dragon hat to use in a hoop dance routine. I sewed ribbons to the hat and basically tied it to my head. It worked perfectly.The hat is very well made and is adjustable.Get it!
I can't believe I got these, they are obviously last years because they are sold out everywhere. I ordered a size10 and they fit perfectly. My other Sam Edelman sandals are size 11. The leather is top of the line. Love these I can't wait until it warms up to wear them.
Hubby to be will be wearing them on the beach when we get married.  He seemed to have nothing go wrong with his orders.  Mine were a bit more of a challenge .
Thank you for the product was what I expected had sought this type of footwear as very cute and I found it in you enchanted with!
This is a great costume with washable pants, jacket, and cap. The jacket has 4 gold stripes around the cuffs - like an Airline Captain, an Air Force Colonel, a Fire Department Battalion Chief, or a Police Chief. The "white shirt" is a dickey - a collar and two buttons. For my 3-year-old grandson, I bought a Boys Deluxe Airline Pilot short-sleeved uniform, in order to get the shirt and tie to go with this costume's long-sleeved jacket. I bought my 3-year-old grandson a size toddler in this costume - said to fit size 2 to size 4 - b["These are very comfortable but I took one star away because they took a little time to break in, unlike my Clarks Wave sandals which were immediately comfortable.  I was looking for a dressier alternative to the Waves which feel wonderful but look very utilitarian. The Leisa looks prettier but you are giving up some comfort.  The straps are a bit thin and stiff so they dug in and chafed a little until I figured out how to adjust them (for me they work best when I keep the front strap snug but the back strap as loose as possible).  Now that they are broken in I look forward to wearing them on my upcoming vacation - they'll be great for walking around and exploring while also looking cute with my summer dresses.", 'ue to size including the heel.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!', 'ts in the future.', "lighter worn streaks on the top cover which had seemed to be painted over with the varnish... but considering the discounted price of this product I didn't really care and could end up living with it. My only other initial issue was the overwhelming chemical varnish smell that permeated our entire bedroom when I set the item up - but after about a week of airing it out in another room, that seems to have taken care of itself. As a side note, I wish there were actual hooks to hang earrings on, this box does not offer that option... this jewelry box only has hooks for necklaces and only reserves box spaces for earrings, which if you have alot of hanging/hoop earrings (like I have)can get quite annoying with intertwining of sets. But other then that I have been pleased with my purchase.", "rdered them and I was amazed. I was so excited cause they actually fit me!!! (:I love wallflower jeans. I will be ordering more of them soon.I highly recommand these pants! Don't think about it, just order them. You know you wanna (;", 'ps the sweat away from my feet when they get warm.', 's and ordered my normal size medium.Nice motorcycle jacket.  I highly recommend it.', 'believe it is a great bargain for the money. After I purchased I saw that it was available without the diamonds for aprox. $40 less but the diamonds really look great and add alot of sparkle. I highly reccommmend this pendant.', "med messenger bags as my school bags. After my Code Geass bag got too beat up and ragged from overuse (including being flooded with Dr. Pepper), I used a more conventional messenger bag. Since then, I have been searching for another Anime themed messenger bag. I bought this because the design is not overtly geeky while still very recognizable to anyone who has watched Tsubasa. The Tsubasa series was interesting a enjoyable from the beginning, but I would not say it was one of my favorite series. In truth, I would have liked a Gurren Lagann themed bag, but the selection was not as attractive.There is a slight transition from moving my stuff from a conventional bag to this product. The bag is definitely smaller than I imagined, but I could still fit my binder into the bag horizontally as I normally do. However, it is a bit of a squeeze and if I needed to take ou my binder a lot then it might be problematic. The bag does fit everything that I wanted it to fit which includes my netbook, charger and mouse. It is nice that there is a segregating flap in the main pocket. There were some nice surprises such as some button straps that can be rearranged to open up the capacity of the bag and also the Tsubasa logo on the front of the bag is sewn on rather than a decal like my old Code Geass bag. There is also a big pocket in the back of the bag which opens and closes with just a button, but I have yet to think of a use for it as anything I put in there may feel uncomfortable against my back when I'm wearing it.One more complaint is that I was under the impression that the shoulder strap of the bag is suppose to have some written decoration according to the Amazon pictures, but there was none on mine.Note: I have owned this bag for all of a few hours, so this is pretty much just a first impression. I may update this review if any problems arise.", "on 3 or 4 times every 5 minutes. It has a good illumination that can switch on automatically when you move your wrist to look. Practical.I'm satisfied about this G-Shock, also about the quick delivery and payment.  Ren&eacute;.", 'ye-catcher.  For the price paid, which is much better than any actual watch store, it is really an incredible buy, rivaling much more expensive watches in design and beauty.  My only issues are that the clasp is not my favorite type, featuring a duel lock instead of the more typical clasp, and that there is no form of micro adjusting, though this can be overcome because the removable links are of two different sizes.  I have not been wearing it enough to comment on the accuracy, though I am sure, being an automatic, that it is not perfect.  Overall, the watch is wonderful, a great timepiece for daily wear if you have the budget, but more likely just to impress others at formal events, where you are sure to get many compliments.', "amazon today to look for additional colors to purchase.I think size selection is very important with this product and I encourage all potential purchasers to get out a measuring tape and measure themselves before selecting a size. The fit of the band is very important with this garment. All of the support comes from that band as the spaghetti straps are not meant to contribute to the bras actual support in any significant manner. Personally I upsized the band from my usual 36 to a 38 as I wanted to be sure the tummy portion of the cami didn't cling. I am happy I did that and I feel like I have gotten a great fit from the size I chose.This cami is going to be a wardrobe staple for me for years to come I believe!", "k attire ad is an attention grabber. My only concern with this watch is that it tends to stop if it not worn for an extended time - usually 24 hours, sometimes even less; the time has to be reset upon putting it on again. Otherwise, it's an excellent time piece", "elaces: Thin, non-slip laces are a plus. It keeps you from having to stop mid-run or mid-walk to tie your shoes over again. I was caught in a thunderstorm while wearing these shoes and because of how delicate the shoes feel, I was worried they'd get damaged. Not at all. The shoes and laces dried up quicker than I imagined and they looked just as new. These shoes are rugged without looking or feeling bulky. Not to mention that they look pretty great, too.Cons: None.My only con about these shoes has nothing to do with the actual shoe itself, but the company. Just like many other sneaker companies, the amount of colors for women's shoes are limited. I ordered mine in black with the blue/lime green sole and love them, but I wish that New Balance had a better assortment of colors for their women's shoes instead of the typical pink and baby blue. However, if you are a woman who wears a women's size 9 or bigger, you're able to order the men's equivalent shoe, the MT20, in colors like red, grey, and black.So...If you're looking for a shoe that is both good looking AND comfortable, I recommend you give these a try. My sister doesn't even like sneakers and after seeing mine she's thinking of getting herself a pair in black and pink. If you suffer from chronic foot/ankle pain like me, you'll be pleasantly surprised at how supportive and yet comfortable these shoes are. Pardon the trite expression but you'll feel like you're walking on air. =DBottom line: An awesome shoe!!!", "but low rise jeans don't flatter most figures...especially if you're over 25! These are just the best. Love 'em!", 'pretty cheaply constructed but in the end it got us through this Halloween.', "r a Purple Beanie hat to replace my old one. This hat is 2 inches shorter in length than my store bought hats and less than half the thickness so it is a very poor quality hat for the high price of $14.11. I should have bought the $4.00 Purple Hat that was on a different site. I did keep the hat since it is a hassle to return the product. Since our winters are mild (20's) it will do.", "ke the shoe, I don't care for the very limited return policy from Amazon and I am a Prime member.", "the slim side. Additionally, I couldn't get the day of the week dial to flip over along with the date. I'd wake up in the morning and look at it and the only thing that changed was the date- the day of the week remained the same. Its just a very hard watch to get along with. Ended up returning it.", "en the luggage arrived at my hotel and how light it was when empty.  When I got to the airport and weighed it, my bag was almost 10 pounds lighter than it was with my other suitcase!The quality of the bag seems great so far, too!  My only complaint, and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 (I really would have rated it 4.5 if it let me), is that the handle sticks a little.  I think it's getting caught on the plastic that is near the base.  Once you get it around that, though, it works just fine.  I would consider replacing all of my suitcases with this brand, because now it's the nicest suitcase I own!", "t only about 1.5 hours or so at night and then you can't tell the time at all, really.  Aside from telling time in the dark, I was used to the Swiss Army Renegade with its black face and light colored numbers and hands.  This made it easy to tell the time with a quick glance at the watch.  On the T-Race, you don't necessarily get to make a quick glance (try a couple second glance) - the hands are shiny, stainless steel and sometimes don't appear easily depending on what is reflecting off them and how your arm is positioned in the light.  Some may be annoyed at this.  An Omega Seamaster style contrasting dial and hands it is not.To sum it up, I really like this watch a lot. It is a very stylish everyday watch, and it goes with everything I wear, very comfortable, in addition to getting compliments. I like the style of Tissot watches, and the watch really looks better in person than it does in pics.  Take the comments and determine for yourself if any of them would annoy you or not.  I still think this watch is worthy of a 4-5 star rating.  They don't really bother me all that much.  I think it would be a nice addition to any watch collection.", "o the right heel area fabric ALREADY. They are not even a month old from the purchase date. I don't know if they are using a different material or fabric, or if there has been a change in construction, but this is highly disappointing. Considering I paid $145 for these, not a cheap purchase, I would expect them to hold up a little longer, as the previous shoes usually did. I feel kind of stuck, because I can't even return them. Anyway, I don't want to whine about it, but I thought I would bring this to the attention of future buyers. Maybe you've had experience with this before? I don't know. Very sad to think that these shoes might be declining. I hope they address it. I now have to figure out how to remedy the hole to make these shoes last a bit longer(and save my heels!)...", 'l taught me, is that as long as you act like you know what you\'re doing, do can gain access to anything. Last week was no exception. While I was working on a new program to secure paddocks, I realized that I just don\'t make enough money doing what I do. I decided to make a life changing decision. Sell some embryos. So since I\'m an employee, I had my standard issue JP shirt on. I was able to walk into secure areas of the office without anyone questioning me. I met a few guys along the way. But they didn\'t care. Most of them were leaving the island anyway.I made my way back to the freezer, and was able to take what I wanted. After filling up my canister, (which can be found here on Amazon as wellShaving Cream Diverson Safes / BARBASOL / SCDSB), I made my way to the docks. But since it was raining, I didn\'t feel like grabbing me Jeep. Instead I hitched a ride in with the company shuttle service. Again. Holding my can of shaving cream, and wearing my JP issued shirt, I was able to easily sit among my co-workers without anyone questioning what I was doing.But since I was an employee, I didn\'t find it hard to fit in. But Amazon sells the exact same shirts that we wear. So if you happen to find yourself on the island, with this shirt on, I\'d guess that as long as you acted like you knew what you were doing, you could gain access to the "hidden" sections of the park.Oh, be prepared for a new exhibit next year at the San Diego Zoo.', 'am very happy with this prchase.', "down stairs.. Traction is great on my hardwood floors. I wear them inside and outside on my deck and they keep my feet nice and warm in the cool evening air. These are the perfect house shoes for a guy who doesn't want to look like he's wearing house shoes.", "ons way too tiny to read even with good eyesight.This is a good every day watch. It's not a Breitling or Patek Phillipe, but then again it's not near the price.", 'not accurate.', "ht I misplaced my watch. Turns out, I left it in my jeans pocket, and threw my jeans in with the rest of my laundry. Not only did this watch survive the wash cycle, it also came out of the dryer unscathed. It works like nothing happened. The strap though, is a little crisper than usual, but otherwise it looks and functions like nothing happened.I don't think I'll be buying any other brand of watch from now.", 'is included.', "If you're going to walk around with your passport, put it in a case like this or wrap it in heavy duty tinfoil.", "rollers are easier on your back, but i workout so this on my back was no issue.  imagine carrying luggage from a parking lot to a room.  i had this on my back, with an Osprey Daylight strapped to it, with a bag for jackets (coat, dress shirts etc so it wouldnt' get wrinkled) hung on the top handle.  the 3x 1.5 gallons of water i held per hand was more tedious than this on my back.", "but since the month is really too small to readily see I probably won't bother keeping it adjusted.", 'use,friction effect started between the thighs & i think it will be completely torn one month ahead....please think twice before you buy it & waste your moneyThank you', "o order another pair of expensive sunglasses.I found these by Googling and figured the price, the description, and the reviewssounded just right.I can't complain they are a bargain. I like the styling, the fit, and the Look.I, especially, like the unobstructed vision I get from this style. Great for my cyclingneeds.I find no fault with these glasses.", "my nephew and I did a few minutes of sprints and light running (I hadn't run in months prior to that) and the next day I felt it in my calves. A few sprints after a some time off from running in the past has never made my calves sore. These will be effective in conditioning my legs with what I'm expecting to be less running. I normally wear Brooks and now when I put them on they feel like thick blocks. I usually run on the front part of my feet anyway so I'm guessing these would be painful for someone who bangs the heel first/runs with poor posture. I'm someone who's happy running three to five hilly trail miles and calling it quits, I don't care for flat running, and so far these are working great. I've ordered another pair (black) in addition to the Cayenne. Very breathable.Other odd info: My second toe on each foot is slightly longer than my big toe and it just hits the toe of the shoe. Without socks or with very thin running socks, they're fine, but I can't wear very cushioned running socks because my second toe jams into the front. Also, without socks at all, the shoe is still slightly roomy (again, very narrow feet). Just order from a good vendor/Amazon so you can return them if you need a different size.", "r the S. Usually XS are too short in the arms but S can be to big in the torso. This coat was sold out in the XS so I got the S. It's a little too big and thus it looks somewhat bulky. But the length is perfect; the coat is definitely designed for taller women. But it's not the sort of coat that you can't wait to wear out on the town: it looks extremely practical and as I said, bulky. But the fur ruff on the hood is gorgeous. I've swallowed the vanity that makes me want a sleeker coat and will not take this coat off till April.", 'l California but they did not have my size so when I got home I ordered them on amazon. They are incredibly confortable, very nice looking with jeans and you could walk many miles with them on.And: I have received many compliments.The only problem is their availability, the usual stores that carry Rieker do not carry them and I usually do not buy shoes on line unless I have tried them and know the size.', 't, but seems to be holding up.', "eeds to break in shoes like these?! There is a felt pad on the ball of the sole which is a bit slippery on tile, but my office features carpet and they're perfect on that surface.No arch support, which I normally need, but since I'm desk bound at work, that doesn't bother me. They aren't walking shoes, after all.I'm also a big fan of the pewter color, only because it's such a wonderful chameleon. Grey slacks, black slacks, skirts, it works with any outfit. It almost goes with brown, since the metallic finish reflects a bit of that shade. But it's a tad off.", "batteries.  I wear it all the time.  It would be an easy five stars except the crystal face has become pretty scratched up.  Maybe I'm unusually tough on watches, but I would have liked it to stay shiney new looking a little longer.  I'd still buy another one though!!", 'adorable. All of the mothers loved them and loved sorting through them.UPDATE:Since I loved this set so much, I decided to purchase it again as a gift, well in advance of Christmas. Unfortunately, by the time the set arrived this time, the packaging was cracked and ripped in several areas. It was clearly not due to the handling of the post office- the packaging was in tact, but the product box was so badly damaged, there was no way I could give this as a gift. With ample time to exchange this for one that is not an aesthetic mess, I contacted the seller about an exchange. I didn\'t want to return the product for a refund, because I really did just want to have this as a gift to give. I had hoped for better customer service, but unfortunately, it wasn\'t a seamless experience. After several days of not getting a response at all, I finally inquired again. Then Bundle Monster told me that my Amazon order number was incorrect, so I took a screen grab of my receipt with all necessary info and sent it to them. Another several days go by, and they challenge the condition of the box, asking for photographic proof. I immediately sent them three photos of the box\'s damage. All along, I was very pleasant, praising my past experience with the product, and explained that I\'d really like to exchange this in time for Christmas (which shouldn\'t have been a big issue since I contacted weeks in advance of Christmas, but unfortunately they dragged out the issue for weeks, and wouldn\'t acknowledge my concern, so I didn\'t know whether to hold out hope or buy something else as a gift). Ultimately they got back to me and said that they are not responsible for the rough handling of the post office (which was not the issue), but as an "extreme courtesy" they would send me another and want me to ship mine back. I wouldn\'t have minded this response if they didn\'t take weeks of unresponsiveness and interrogation to get to this point. I also did not receive this item in time for Christmas (so I didn\'t get to give this as a gift), and I\'m not even sure that I can expect it to arrive at all. Overall, this is a cute gift, but if they are frequently in the habit of selling unacceptable torn and battered boxes (which I now see other complaints about), it\'s not going to work out. It\'s bad enough that you can\'t possibly give this as a gift. I\'m willing to bet that if/when I send mine back, a future buyer will just receive mine, and they\'ll continue circulating it until someone is either too lazy or frustrated to deal with Bundle Monster. Not worth dealing with their customer service and lack of product integrity.', "Other than that super cute shoes!  Bought them specifically because you could wear the bow as you want.  I have to admit though I haven't worn them yet so I don't know how comfortable they are.", 'prompt and on time. I would DEFINITELY do business with this seller again!"', 'they look great and are very comfortable.']bo for a great compromise.  Like I said, it really is great ... I just need to see if I can live with the snap issue.  FYI: I bought the Fuschia and it is a lovely color.  It's a very reddish, pinkish hue and I think it will be great with blacks, browns, greys and even reds!
My husband has superfeet orange, green and blue in all his shoes. He always insisted I tried them but I never did. It just so happens I went spring skiing and kinda overdid it ( 8hours a day, seven days a week) so it wasn't to my surprise I "overused"  my right knee especially.  I then decided to try superfeet. I started with the copper one, since I have low arch feet. Put that on a hiking pair of boots and went test it out. It did it's job, especially because my left leg is a tad longer than the right one meaning I apply much more pressure on the left insole and copper superfeet molded to my needs immediately.  It was a comfortable hike but with knee support  on my right knee, just in case. Then based on the large amount of reviews on the green one I took the plunge and bought it. Even with low arch feet I felt the comfort of the arch support that is not in the middle of the arch of your feet, but slightly back. Still, the front part of the insoles wasn't comfortable for me. I felt I needed a more cushy forefront. That's how the orange superfeet came to my life. It's got the arch support of the green superfeet but the forefront is very soft too. I have it in all my hiking boots (that's what you wear the most when you live in the mountains like me). I have finished long hikes, climbing steep mountains and then coming back down (which is the toughest part on my knees) with my feet much more rested than before and my knee doesn't bother me anymore. Orange superfeet fixed it! It was all about bad posture!
I bought two swords. One was like the description. The other however, the blade wasn't centered correctly to the handle.  It came out of the box jiggling.Slightly disappointed, I took it out to beat on a fire log with it till it broke, but it didn't.The swords are sturdy, dull, and they look cool, but you might get a sword that comes to you with a blade that is slightly wiggling, off-centered, and feeling like it may fall off any second.
Bought for my wife and she loves it!  Not too big, or small for her.  She calls it "chunky," but that is a good thing.  I got a great price at Christmas, I don't think I'd ever pay its suggested retail price, but for under a $100, it was well worth it.
My husband got this for Christmas and we are very surprised at the warmth at a low cost.  We live in North Dakota and it has been as cold as -20 already and he said he was warm.  It doesn't have a soft lining, but everything else about it was great for the price.  Apparently sold at local sports retailer with typically high priced, high quality outerwear (North Face, ect) so we are excited to have found a great deal.